
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106715                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106715397408                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               631542990945                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 298347                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   385970                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1873999                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67631040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56945.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16989460693                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21979196609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3801728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2674944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3844096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2671616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2608256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2663296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1510912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2643584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2698112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4240000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2662144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4261120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2646016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2653440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2637568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1499264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             45790336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10457984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10457984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        29701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        20898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        30032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        11804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        21079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        33125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        33290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        20730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                357737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           81703                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                81703                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     35624925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     25066149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36021943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        39582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25034963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        43180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24441234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24956998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14158332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24772283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        46779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     25283249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        49178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39731848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24946203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39929758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24795072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     24864641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24715909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14049182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               429088371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        39582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        43180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        46779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        49178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             695682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          97998829                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               97998829                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          97998829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        46779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     35624925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     25066149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        44380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36021943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        39582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25034963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        43180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24441234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        39582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24956998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        43180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14158332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        40781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24772283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        46779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     25283249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        49178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39731848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        40781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24946203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        51576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39929758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24795072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        40781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     24864641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24715909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        43180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14049182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              527087200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20737041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16959891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2021121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8558832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8177543                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2132664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89762                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201189776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117722660                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20737041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10310207                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24665890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5880654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3528535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12370111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2037253                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233199395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      208533505     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1338721      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2111559      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3362728      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1392104      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1551939      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1664017      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1084265      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12160557      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233199395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081032                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460012                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199336331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5396519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24589359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62464                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3814719                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3399662                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          476                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143750278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3814719                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199641671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1728284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      2783625                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24352271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       878820                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143668575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        24580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       247231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       331098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199470444                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668371063                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668371063                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29228602                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36482                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20018                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2642761                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13680975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7356363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221283                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143468513                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135749820                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18251618                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40699050                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3377                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233199395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175974589     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22962049      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12551297      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8567535      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8013830      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2303679      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1796791      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       608889      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420736      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233199395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31581     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97786     38.69%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123393     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113716791     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2149257      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12546092      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7321219      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135749820                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530455                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252760                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505118787                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161758211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133573828                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136002580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408642                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2444577                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          330                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1529                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       213346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8459                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3814719                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1156304                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121219                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143505238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50065                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13680975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7356363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19998                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88917                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1529                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181684                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153361                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2335045                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133824207                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11797528                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1925612                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19117051                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18824399                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7319523                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133574854                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133573828                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78093109                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204059214                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382698                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20930845                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2063956                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229384676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179627209     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24098357     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9380660      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5052244      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3784728      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112605      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304462      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165810      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858601      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229384676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379415                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2858601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370030840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290825807                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3244590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22712830                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574596                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.559122                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.559122                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603483680                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185160202                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134076348                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20816550                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17070215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2033681                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8602568                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8133395                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134082                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91396                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198431345                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            118304899                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20816550                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10267477                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26017905                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5780235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6579604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12223147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2017987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    234743979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      208726074     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        2816676      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3255512      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        1791817      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2079310      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1133654      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         769331      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2020573      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12151032      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    234743979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081343                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462287                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      196838468                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      8203339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        25809586                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       196475                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3696109                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3379958                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        19010                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    144423832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        94021                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3696109                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      197144414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2991147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4346593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25713195                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       852519                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    144334254                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       225504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       395421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           35                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    200569580                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    672048947                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    672048947                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    171216126                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29353443                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37526                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20818                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2280462                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13777290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7507086                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198942                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        144119211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37598                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       136153973                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191639                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18077888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41855922                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3970                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234743979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177385656     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23058854      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12394274      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8587731      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7505342      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3846593      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       918719      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597749      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       449061      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234743979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35993     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127125     43.06%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132138     44.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113965484     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2130520      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16673      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12588109      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7453187      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    136153973                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.532034                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295256                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002169                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507538820                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162235988                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133904210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    136449229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       345181                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2432475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          880                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1294                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8337                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3696109                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2485679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144156931                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13777290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7507086                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20801                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       106694                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1294                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176279                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1145009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2321288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134157037                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11821465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1996936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           19272732                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18771094                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7451267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.524231                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133906380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133904210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        79589508                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       208484992                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.523243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381752                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100542422                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    123353321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20805022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33628                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2045278                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231047870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180663333     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23364324     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9788509      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5885117      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4074490      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2629456      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1365416      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098908      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2178317      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231047870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    100542422                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    123353321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18685059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11344812                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17653919                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       111208045                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2509644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2178317                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          373027220                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         292012883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3037795                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              21168246                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         100542422                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           123353321                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    100542422                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.545316                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.545316                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392879                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392879                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      605160550                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     185843235                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     134779860                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20717982                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16942860                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8672265                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8181842                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133915                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89988                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201201468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            117542067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20717982                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10315757                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24639661                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5867912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3514059                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12370198                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    233154949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      208515288     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1337418      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2112025      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3362725      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1389302      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1559512      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1656790      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1084355      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12137534      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    233154949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080957                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.459306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199349853                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5380093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24563226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        62479                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3799295                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3397452                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          468                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    143549660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3021                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3799295                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      199655620                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1736007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2760138                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24325827                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       878057                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    143468152                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents        27319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       246482                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       330662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42628                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    199195121                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    667394622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    667394622                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    170176575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29018544                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2641681                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13677592                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7347501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671224                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143270290                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       135667449                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       167327                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18091016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40108049                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3476                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233154949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175946767     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22960819      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12563088      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8557804      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7999792      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2301258      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1796284      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       609216      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419921      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233154949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31591     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97480     38.63%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123271     48.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113650704     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2142475      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16454      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12545080      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7312736      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    135667449                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530133                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252342                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504909516                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161399477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133480793                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    135919791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408294                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2445480                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          400                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207228                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8444                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3799295                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1156904                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121729                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143307104                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13677592                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7347501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20087                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89673                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183885                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1152381                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2336266                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133731561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11796140                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1935888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19107278                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18817526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7311138                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522568                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            133481868                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           133480793                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        78045057                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       203886614                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382787                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99961682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    122527680                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20779657                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2066639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229355654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179609732     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24092025     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9381902      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5049889      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3785123      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114037      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1302977      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166107      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2853862      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229355654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     99961682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    122527680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18372384                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11232111                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16559                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17588461                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       110406506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2489138                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2853862                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          369808453                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         290414196                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3246665                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              22757276                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          99961682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           122527680                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     99961682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.560103                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.560103                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390609                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390609                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      603086073                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     185035249                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     133886562                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        33158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19394226                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17317966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546856                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12988101                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12666878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46873                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205055503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110138574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19394226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     13831124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24560423                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5068321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3160658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12404926                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    236289393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      211728970     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3745762      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1888563      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3706060      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1188804      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3432116      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         541104      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         872869      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9185145      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    236289393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430376                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      202567549                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5695362                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24512217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19624                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3494637                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1830688                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    123200731                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        34338                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3494637                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      202844739                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3440049                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1402663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24255200                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       852101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    123022456                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        95743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       683350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    161231022                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    557543855                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    557543855                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    130795803                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30435203                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8353                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1845579                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     22199114                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3601795                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       819112                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        122389327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       114630051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73799                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22043786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45124302                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236289393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185986822     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15896232      6.73%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16800959      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9756857      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5031604      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259078      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494152      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34900      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28789      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236289393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191615     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78593     23.47%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64670     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89886819     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898389      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8157      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20265794     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3570892      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    114630051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.447927                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334878                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465958172                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144449977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111722588                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    114964929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89240                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4521034                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82569                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494637                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2338242                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104646                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122405980                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22199114                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3601795                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8351                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41106                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2429                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594361                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1639417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113177304                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19974827                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           23545542                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17206155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3570715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.442250                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            111748426                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           111722588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        67607796                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       147218456                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.436566                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459235                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89006460                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    100204723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22206328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16452                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1537158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232794756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195486904     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14657761      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9416674      4.05%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2963782      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4920167      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959882      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608744      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557010      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3223832      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232794756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     89006460                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    100204723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21197303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            17678077                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15374655                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        87569787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1252770                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3223832                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          351981637                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         248319515                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4559660                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19622832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          89006460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           100204723                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     89006460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.875210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.875210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.347801                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.347801                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      526085076                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     145572492                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     130857432                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16436                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20800386                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17058284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2034209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8663849                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8141376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134997                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198562830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            118204562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20800386                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10276373                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            26009442                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5760087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6522868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12228554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    234789418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      208779976     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2816636      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3262701      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1794340      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2079706      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1135702      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         771065      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2012957      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12136335      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    234789418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081279                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461895                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      196970279                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      8145863                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25802618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       195398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3675258                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3375210                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        19014                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    144297996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        94135                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3675258                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      197274811                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2932980                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4349395                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25706409                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       850563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    144210485                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       224485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       395184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    200429676                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    671481567                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    671481567                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    171336656                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       29093011                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37790                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21071                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2269801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13760063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7503456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198430                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1656473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        144000137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37859                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       136146378                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186508                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17880784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41274643                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234789418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177410642     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23088868      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12399772      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8578953      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7499015      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3844151      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       920919      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598006      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       449092      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234789418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36363     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125551     42.71%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132080     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113963469     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2129613      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16685      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12586287      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7450324      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    136146378                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293994                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507562676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161920069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133905844                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136440372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       345729                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2407226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          838                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1291                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       158014                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8341                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3675258                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2433844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144038129                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13760063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7503456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21048                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1291                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1140141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2321821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134153270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11823889                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1993108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19272442                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18776327                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7448553                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            133907975                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           133905844                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        79597201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       208444183                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100613289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    123440239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20599137                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2045973                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231114160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180693127     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23379988     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9795106      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5891771      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4077193      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2633753      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1364508      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1099571      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2179143      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231114160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100613289                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    123440239                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18698275                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11352833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17666362                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       111286377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2511401                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2179143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          372973717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         291754089                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3038038                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              21122807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100613289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           123440239                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100613289                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.543523                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.543523                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      605180886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     185856653                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     134682805                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        33622                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19395783                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17319453                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12991034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12669738                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164223                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46775                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205064969                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            110143780                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19395783                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13833961                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24564864                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5068412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3158046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12405919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    236300526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      211735662     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3744845      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1891443      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3708318      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1188806      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3434275      1.45%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         541562      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         870745      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9184870      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    236300526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075791                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      202585122                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5684625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24516692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19611                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3494472                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1830675                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18153                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    123209055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34334                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3494472                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      202861624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3433661                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1402106                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24259852                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       848807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    123031391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        94967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       680540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    161250211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    557587310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    557587310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130818008                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30432203                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8364                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1838712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22194895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3603207                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       819697                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        122394233                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114640044                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74501                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22032483                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45095286                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236300526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185991459     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15897748      6.73%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16806936      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9756632      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5030819      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258953      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494274      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34797      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28908      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236300526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192505     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78681     23.43%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64663     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89894692     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898557      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8159      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20266661     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3571975      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114640044                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.447966                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335849                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465990964                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144443594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111731497                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    114975893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88802                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4515254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          306                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83105                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494472                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2336139                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104268                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122410900                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22194895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603207                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8362                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41198                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2347                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          306                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046646                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593030                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1639676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113186499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19976072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23547852                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17207298                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3571780                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.442286                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111757438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111731497                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67611378                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       147227041                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.436601                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89019574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    100220638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22195291                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1537408                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232806054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195492824     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14661243      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9417047      4.05%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2962465      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4921784      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960302      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608154      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557544      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3224691      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232806054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89019574                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    100220638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21199743                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17679641                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15376936                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87584097                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1253079                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3224691                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          351996954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         248329092                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4560021                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19611699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89019574                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           100220638                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89019574                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.874786                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.874786                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.347852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.347852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      526127542                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     145584356                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130864377                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23172703                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19292587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2104497                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8795282                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8469147                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2493575                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97649                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201597817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            127133376                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23172703                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10962722                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26497087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5859984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6858727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12518023                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011859                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    238690012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      212192925     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1624851      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2040015      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3259476      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1375032      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1758339      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2048917      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         939546      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13450911      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    238690012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090549                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      200410510                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      8160284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26370802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12584                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3735831                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3528329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          550                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    155411455                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3735831                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      200614125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        651909                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6940588                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26179813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       567738                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    154454603                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        81928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       395668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    215709441                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    718258839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    718258839                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    180540298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       35169121                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        37365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19460                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1995543                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14465861                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7564717                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1716132                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        150804044                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37498                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       144695137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18253648                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37165962                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1385                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238690012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177383920     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27959084     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11429733      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6408802      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8680194      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2675780      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2628149      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413189      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111161      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238690012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996168     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136500     10.82%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129028     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121897707     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977701      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17905      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13259810      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7542014      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    144695137                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261696                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529487295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169095897                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140932301                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    145956833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107715                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2731672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          710                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108186                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           23                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3735831                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        496271                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62161                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150841551                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14465861                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7564717                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19459                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54212                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          710                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1184356                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2429869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142179564                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13043499                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2515573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20584901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20107656                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7541402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555579                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            140932731                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           140932301                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        84437256                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       226845321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550706                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372224                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105033983                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    129426361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21415807                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36113                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2122530                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234954181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180178543     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27761245     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10077477      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5020178      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4592894      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1927146      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910731      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909800      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2576167      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234954181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    105033983                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    129426361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19190720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11734189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18016                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18760092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       116525842                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2672634                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2576167                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          383219454                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         305420190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3057101                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              17222213                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         105033983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           129426361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    105033983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.436471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.436471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410430                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410430                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      639734559                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     196923793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     143728005                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        36082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19397354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17320815                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547457                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12982393                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12670162                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164485                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46835                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205100583                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            110149359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19397354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     13834647                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24566403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5068773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3143052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12407604                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    236322688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      211756285     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3745024      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1891331      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3708080      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1189430      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3434188      1.45%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         541153      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         870851      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        9186346      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    236322688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075797                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      202609501                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5680860                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24518198                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19655                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3494470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1831287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18159                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    123220276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        34222                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3494470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      202887295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3438914                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1388459                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24260871                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       852675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    123043556                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        95687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       683774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    161263238                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    557647160                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    557647160                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    130829319                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30433913                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16533                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1845121                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     22198265                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3602616                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       817193                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        122409078                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       114652077                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22039310                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45102420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236322688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186007980     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15902122      6.73%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16804269      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9758598      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5032975      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259053      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494163      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34744      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28784      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236322688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192321     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78653     23.43%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64747     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89907795     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898522      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20265344     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572255      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    114652077                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.448013                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335721                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466036581                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144465285                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111743229                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    114987798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88549                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4517865                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          306                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82011                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2336063                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104715                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122425762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22198265                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3602616                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8372                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41324                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2402                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          306                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046203                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593720                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1639923                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113196025                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19974440                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1456052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           23546511                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17209151                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3572071                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.442324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            111768661                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           111743229                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        67618200                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       147256168                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.436647                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.459188                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89026169                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    100228822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22202075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1537753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232828218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195510416     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14663512      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9417991      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2965070      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4920498      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959854      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608425      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557310      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3225142      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232828218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     89026169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    100228822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             21201001                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            17680396                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15378140                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        87591452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1253250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3225142                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          352033635                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         248359060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4559950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19589537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          89026169                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           100228822                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     89026169                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.874573                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.874573                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.347878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.347878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      526171247                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     145599030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     130870613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16446                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20802692                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17058963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2034579                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8602431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8126764                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2131683                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91236                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198381778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            118230968                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20802692                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10258447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26002377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5778318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6634739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12220872                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    234731163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      208728786     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2816431      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3255683      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1789451      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2077350      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1134430      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         768214      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2016676      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12144142      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    234731163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081288                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      196788024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      8259199                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25794123                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       196551                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3693264                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3377539                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        19001                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    144323904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        94295                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3693264                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      197093936                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2949888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4444309                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        25697784                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       851980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    144236064                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       224459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       395783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    200447827                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    671590158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    671590158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    171134729                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29313079                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20881                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2281327                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13760789                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7502322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       199385                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1667563                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        144021039                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       136075894                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18034715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41731577                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4026                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234731163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177401585     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23046539      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12391190      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8586335      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7499110      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3842044      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       918066      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597438      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448856      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234731163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36071     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126278     42.94%     55.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131735     44.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113904293     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2129616      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16666      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12576698      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7448621      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    136075894                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531729                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294084                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507366014                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162094661                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133829753                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    136369978                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       345927                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2421377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          858                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1273                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8337                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3693264                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2447755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149268                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144058797                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13760789                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7502322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20853                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105700                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1273                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176033                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146408                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2322441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134080136                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11813418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1995758                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19260161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18762639                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7446743                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            133832024                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           133829753                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        79545691                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       208350753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381787                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100494619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    123294657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20765567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2046237                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231037899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180677512     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23353005     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9783938      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5881650      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4071402      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2630301      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1365396      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098223      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2176472      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231037899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100494619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    123294657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18676161                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11339410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17645519                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       111155160                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2508450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2176472                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          372920975                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         291813819                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3038563                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              21181062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100494619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           123294657                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100494619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.546527                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.546527                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      604818945                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     185745464                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     134697142                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33582                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19900935                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17958190                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1041896                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7504539                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7121963                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100186                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210951300                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            125180382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19900935                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8222149                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24761745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3274277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      5087734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12107472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    243007176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      218245431     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         888944      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1806036      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         759578      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4122526      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3661898      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         707622      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1480767      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11334374      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    243007176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077765                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      209777490                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6274453                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24671240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        78108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2205882                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1746244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          515                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    146796251                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2822                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2205882                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      209985189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       4537143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1081503                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24556545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       640911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146720042                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       277886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       231096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3734                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    172231380                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    691091597                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    691091597                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    152867019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       19364349                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        17038                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8605                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1614991                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     34631339                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     17516575                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160022                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       852933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        146438641                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17090                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       140821255                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73804                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11262382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26983075                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           96                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243007176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192995147     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14955445      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12294133      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5315034      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6738927      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6532573      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3700479      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292509      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182929      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243007176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        357181     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2780413     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80480      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88328214     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230213      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8432      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33776142     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17478254     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    140821255                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550272                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3218074                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527941564                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157721682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139618780                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    144039329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252332                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1331394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          553                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3574                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105264                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12461                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2205882                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       4166708                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146455822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34631339                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17516575                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8606                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127128                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           77                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3574                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606903                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       615380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1222283                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139835854                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33661083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       985401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           51137935                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18321042                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         17476852                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546421                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            139623306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           139618780                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75405501                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       148568597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545573                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507547                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113466757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    133341870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13128469                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16994                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1064795                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240801294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192469437     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17621851      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8274528      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8179297      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2227096      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9521379      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712651      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518553      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1276502      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240801294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    113466757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    133341870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             50711249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            33299938                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17608502                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       118572807                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1291488                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1276502                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          385994793                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         295146805                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4625845                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              12905049                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         113466757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           133341870                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    113466757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.255394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.255394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      691332102                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     162108211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     174817327                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19398398                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17322201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546792                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12984562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12670321                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46670                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205074353                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            110154315                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19398398                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13834567                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24566368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5066927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3165991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12405980                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    236318191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      211751823     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3744686      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1890496      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3708339      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1189958      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3434031      1.45%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         541808      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         871630      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9185420      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    236318191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430438                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      202581750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5705358                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24517967                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        19810                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3493302                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1830699                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        18153                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    123222110                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        34344                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3493302                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      202859426                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3449438                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1402441                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24260709                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       852871                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    123043528                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        95850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       683950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    161267896                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    557642012                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    557642012                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    130840371                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       30427509                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16539                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8379                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1846124                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     22198411                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3603247                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23924                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       817808                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        122410496                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16598                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       114658237                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74143                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22032494                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45088914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236318191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186002732     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15901085      6.73%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16804849      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9761026      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5029946      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259279      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1495593      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34809      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28872      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236318191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192129     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78690     23.45%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64679     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89909706     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898779      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20268974     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572617      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    114658237                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448037                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335498                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466044306                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144459881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111750812                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    114993735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90291                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4516694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          299                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82321                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3493302                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2344737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105310                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122427177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22198411                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603247                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41590                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2373                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          299                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046040                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1639517                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113205991                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19978285                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23550728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17211048                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3572443                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442363                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            111776689                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           111750812                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        67624309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       147257952                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.436676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459223                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89033420                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    100237185                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22195017                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16459                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1537085                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232824889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195505952     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14662153      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9420051      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964389      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4921221      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959435      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608474      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556852      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226362      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232824889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     89033420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    100237185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21202640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            17681714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15379429                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        87598801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1253375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3226362                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          352030391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         248360464                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4559441                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19594034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          89033420                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           100237185                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     89033420                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.874339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.874339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.347906                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.347906                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      526216131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     145613678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     130877377                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19876894                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17935709                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1045748                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7682411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7121265                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100264                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46372                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210907495                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            124997511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19876894                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8221529                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24729114                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3265917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5086364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12107594                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1051076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    242917070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      218187956     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         884273      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1803421      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         759794      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4115845      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3663675      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         714345      0.29%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1481430      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11306331      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    242917070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077671                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488439                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      209725955                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6280787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24638705                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        78039                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2193581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1744703                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          517                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    146590548                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2800                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2193581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      209937696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       4532941                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1082560                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24519885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       650404                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146515335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       277547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       235510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5250                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    171995292                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    690118270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    690118270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    152740832                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19254438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        17018                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8590                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1640551                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34599009                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17500999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161093                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       852745                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        146233381                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17070                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       140709174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73509                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11134868                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26502500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242917070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192920333     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14970917      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12293408      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5307554      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6728666      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6520329      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3701173      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292088      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182602      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242917070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356070     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2776862     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80371      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88264890     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1226025      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8426      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33746981     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17462852     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    140709174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.549834                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3213303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527622230                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157388876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139505922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    143922477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253995                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1328598                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          563                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3564                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105001                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12459                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2193581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4161975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185231                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146250538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34599009                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17500999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8592                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126326                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           93                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3564                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       612267                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613838                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1226105                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139721695                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33631901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       987479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           51093219                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18307035                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17461318                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.545975                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            139510263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           139505922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75339226                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       148426742                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545132                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507585                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113370948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    133229748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13034920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16982                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1068751                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240723489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192427278     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17610768      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8269659      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8173736      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2224871      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9512706      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711165      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       517998      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1275308      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240723489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    113370948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    133229748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50666407                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33270409                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17593786                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       118473220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1290497                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1275308                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          385712511                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         294723171                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4627220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              12995155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         113370948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           133229748                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    113370948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.257300                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.257300                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      690783059                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     161997785                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     174591842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              255912031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19399182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17321793                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547842                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12985359                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12668301                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205086590                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            110163446                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19399182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     13833561                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24568175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5070798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3146110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12407722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519318                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    236315162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      211746987     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3745000      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1891431      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3708170      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1188877      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3433909      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         540971      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         871638      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9188179      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    236315162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075804                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430474                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      202602743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5676729                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24519758                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3496114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1831411                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18149                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    123236082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        34330                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3496114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      202879861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3431861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1393781                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24262841                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       850700                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    123057765                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        96074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       681198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    161282226                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    557718912                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    557718912                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    130837216                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       30444892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16529                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8368                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1843999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     22202336                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3603376                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23320                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       818273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        122424397                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       114665437                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74234                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22047877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45137572                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236315162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186001192     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15896950      6.73%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16805265      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9758710      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5034030      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261090      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494064      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        35015      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28846      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236315162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192146     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78748     23.46%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64742     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89914833     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898749      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20270866     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572828      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    114665437                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448066                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335636                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466055906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144489158                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111754429                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    115001073                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89749                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4521388                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          301                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82450                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3496114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2332824                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104525                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122441078                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22202336                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603376                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41206                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2378                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          301                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045685                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1640622                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113210107                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19978126                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1455330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           23550781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17211040                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3572655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.442379                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            111780589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           111754429                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        67627648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       147288181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.436691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459152                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89030732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    100234487                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22211565                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1538155                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232819048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195500287     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14662750      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9418384      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964297      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4922101      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960370      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608957      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557134      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3224768      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232819048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     89030732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    100234487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             21201823                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            17680916                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15378981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        87596548                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1253373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3224768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          352039994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         248391094                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4561113                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19596869                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          89030732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           100234487                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     89030732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.874424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.874424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.347896                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.347896                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      526232762                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     145614498                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     130885914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16446                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19398063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17321711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546470                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12985248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12667562                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164296                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46862                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205062074                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            110157659                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19398063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     13831858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24567614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5067447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3145177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12405360                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    236287187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      211719573     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3745923      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1891306      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3708027      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1188542      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3433489      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         540531      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         871169      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        9188627      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    236287187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.430451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      202582620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5671393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24519101                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19912                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3494157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1830883                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18142                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    123230873                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        34282                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3494157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      202859138                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3424930                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1396955                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24263024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       848979                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    123052397                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        96052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       679728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    161276809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    557690102                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    557690102                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    130838286                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       30438487                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        16510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8350                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1840140                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     22199810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3603597                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       816629                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        122415546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       114652610                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74372                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22039147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45125879                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236287187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185977301     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15895702      6.73%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16805494      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9757426      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5032936      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260502      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494220      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34780      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28826      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236287187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192467     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78729     23.44%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64728     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89908054     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898790      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20264731     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572874      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    114652610                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.448015                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335924                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466002701                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144471548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111746097                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    114988534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90616                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4518614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          294                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82672                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2328378                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122432202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22199810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603597                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8347                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2391                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          294                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1639014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113198075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19974393                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454533                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           23547078                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17209500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3572685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.442332                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            111771718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           111746097                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        67624683                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       147271395                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.436658                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.459184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89031652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    100235417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22201806                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1536772                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232793030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195475373     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14661721      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9418495      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2965020      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4922025      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958672      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608586      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556434      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226704      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232793030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     89031652                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    100235417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             21202113                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            17681188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15379137                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        87597323                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1253374                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3226704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          352003211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         248371364                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4560610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19625038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          89031652                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           100235417                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     89031652                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.874396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.874396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.347899                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.347899                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      526180446                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     145603019                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     130880135                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19399986                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17323838                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546284                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12993213                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12671811                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164992                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46836                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205088476                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            110169333                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19399986                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13836803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24570216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5067014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3120495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12407074                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517782                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    236291247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      211721031     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3746299      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1890994      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3708303      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1189332      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3434569      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         540868      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         872589      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9187262      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    236291247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075807                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      202598909                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5656934                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24521820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19699                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3493881                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1830462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18154                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    123240068                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        34333                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3493881                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      202876614                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3421205                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1383901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24264799                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       850843                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    123062780                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        95704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       682032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    161286121                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    557737593                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    557737593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    130857427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30428674                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16532                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8371                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1843072                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     22205202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3604165                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23464                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       818974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        122427968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       114667584                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22035382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45127949                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236291247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    185975225     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15894514      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16809252      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9762612      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5031025      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261683      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493193      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34887      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28856      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236291247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191935     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78522     23.43%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64712     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89914997     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898549      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20272856     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3573021      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    114667584                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448074                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335169                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466035508                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144480229                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111761094                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    115002753                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91244                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4519162                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          297                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83222                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3493881                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2320802                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104401                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122444651                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22205202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3604165                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40990                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2363                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          297                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045409                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592913                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1638322                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113213980                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19980794                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453604                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23553630                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17212616                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3572836                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.442394                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            111786997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           111761094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67631632                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       147273035                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.436717                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.459226                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89047875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    100251640                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22198054                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1536597                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232797366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195474656     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14661778      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9422621      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964821      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4922087      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958500      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608685      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556545      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3227673      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232797366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     89047875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    100251640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21206978                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17686035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15381834                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        87610867                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1253383                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3227673                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          352019049                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         248396060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4560365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19620978                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          89047875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           100251640                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     89047875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.873872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.873872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.347963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.347963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      526260627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     145620995                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     130897416                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              255912225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23175363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19296613                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2105471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8811799                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8472272                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2494424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97765                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201623582                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            127142661                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23175363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10966696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26501706                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5862118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6846204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12520163                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012975                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    238709010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      212207304     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1624820      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2042252      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3260088      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1376666      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1760263      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2048876      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         937226      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13451515      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    238709010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      200435588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8148254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26375719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        12474                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3736974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3526988                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          544                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    155423147                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2601                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3736974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      200638776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        652147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6929116                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26185036                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       566953                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    154466006                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        81678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       395517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    215728856                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    718316278                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    718316278                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    180547575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       35181231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19391                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1993501                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14466501                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7563014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85637                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1713162                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        150804887                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37431                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       144694401                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144511                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18257435                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37173351                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1317                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238709010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177403374     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27958847     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11429841      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6406142      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8685537      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2672854      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2627098      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414096      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111221      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238709010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996299     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       136023     10.78%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128960     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121899748     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1977623      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17905      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13258977      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7540148      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    144694401                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565406                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008717                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529503605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169100469                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140930922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    145955683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107927                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2731825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106189                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3736974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        496778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62395                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150842323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14466501                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7563014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          718                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1246482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1184295                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2430777                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142176779                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13042449                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2517622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20581920                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20107024                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7539471                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            140931351                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           140930922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        84436791                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       226839319                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550700                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105038203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    129431594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21411236                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36113                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2123511                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234972036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180194501     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27760820     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10079114      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5019805      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4593492      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1927884      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910935      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909747      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575738      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234972036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    105038203                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    129431594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19191476                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11734663                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18016                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18760860                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       116530562                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2672751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2575738                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          383238400                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         305422711                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3057651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17203215                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         105038203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           129431594                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    105038203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.436373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.436373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      639732597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     196927599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     143735605                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        36082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         357869                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.192689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2029211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         390637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.194621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           263.647097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.919599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2137.392174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.835410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1649.940098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.823354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2140.776995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.164185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1582.282300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.581549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1695.658401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.733679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1551.411753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.416811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   963.724320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.512162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1573.630230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.718131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1681.813148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.745299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2573.944067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.635310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1590.630022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.473999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2556.076171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.556845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1610.739988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.144299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1581.964656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.678240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1589.144291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.395922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   998.944055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           355.229323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           332.684215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           350.719517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           288.855112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           332.288070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           309.706313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           260.598827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           312.704297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           301.090654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           355.883306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           288.964814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           371.479062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           278.008341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           296.549140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           310.803522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           233.573613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.065228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.050352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.065331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.048287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.051747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.047345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.029411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.048023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.051325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.078551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.048542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.078005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.049156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.048278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.048497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.030485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.007953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.009189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.009485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.007128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        42923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  585271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           163492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                163492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1821                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        43059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   587092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35795                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        43059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34878                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34982                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35123                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  587092                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        21074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                357705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        21079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 357739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29701                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30032                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11804                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        21079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                357739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5794913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4864377383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5679319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3424578521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5519845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4919711555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5346291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3380561823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5345886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3343322788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5374996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3371027690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5556353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1930980251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5342487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3339983516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5864163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3458556081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6222440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5389584077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5343465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3364669041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6451223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5416247358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5365245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3348453589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5628415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3363215282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5447568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3339969353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5354962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1912579583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58257455462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       131438                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       736866                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       148200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       603504                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       135006                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       784407                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       310506                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       998565                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1131005                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       165474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       5144971                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5794913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4864508821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5679319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3425315387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5519845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4919859755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5346291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3380561823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5345886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3343926292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5374996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3371162696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5556353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1930980251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5342487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3339983516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5864163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3459340488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6222440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5389894583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5343465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3364669041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6451223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5417245923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5365245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3349584594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5628415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3363215282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5447568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3340134827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5354962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1912579583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      58262600433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5794913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4864508821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5679319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3425315387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5519845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4919859755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5346291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3380561823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5345886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3343926292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5374996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3371162696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5556353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1930980251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5342487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3339983516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5864163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3459340488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6222440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5389894583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5343465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3364669041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6451223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5417245923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5365245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3349584594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5628415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3363215282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5447568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3340134827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5354962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1912579583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     58262600433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        72954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        56466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        55636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              942976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       163492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            163492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1855                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        56627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        55712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               944831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        56627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        55712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              944831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.407861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.411643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.319796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.371183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.373216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.403914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.371303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.370234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.317710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.379336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.007353                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.013333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.108108                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.013333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.018329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.407114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.317987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.370683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.372243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.403555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.378628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.407114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.317987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.370683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.372243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.403555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.378628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148587.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163783.750269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153495.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163910.329823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       149185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163821.103360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162008.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161966.357944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148496.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164105.570510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162878.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162021.901855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154343.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163586.940952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157131.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161719.048855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150363.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164114.837288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151766.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162714.249223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157160.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161778.490288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150028.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162728.258563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157801.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162027.174538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165541.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162239.039170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160222.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162095.091143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148748.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163286.910527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162864.526529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       131438                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 147373.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       148200                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       150876                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       135006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 156881.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       155253                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166427.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 141375.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       165474                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151322.676471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148587.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163782.661224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153495.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163906.373194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       149185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163820.583211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162008.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161966.357944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148496.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164102.973549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162878.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162020.603451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154343.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163586.940952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157131.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161719.048855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150363.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164113.121495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151766.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162713.798732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157160.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161778.490288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150028.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162728.925293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157801.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162019.183225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165541.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162239.039170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160222.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162095.255120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148748.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163286.910527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162863.429576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148587.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163782.661224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153495.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163906.373194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       149185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163820.583211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162008.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161966.357944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148496.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164102.973549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162878.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162020.603451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154343.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163586.940952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157131.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161719.048855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150363.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164113.121495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151766.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162713.798732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157160.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161778.490288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150028.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162728.925293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157801.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162019.183225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165541.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162239.039170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160222.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162095.255120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148748.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163286.910527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162863.429576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                81703                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     81703                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        21074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           357705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             34                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        21079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            357739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        21079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           357739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3524983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3134979537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3529084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2207795217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3365346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3171081047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3430601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2164853144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3249932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2156806373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3460030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2159200016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3459308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1243678888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3365624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2137091641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3592506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2231258686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3836382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3461610987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3369920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2153314221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3948767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3478815845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3390325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2144758355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3655786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2155736672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3470240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2139822281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3259336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1230576226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37427287306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        72888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       446493                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        89650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       371449                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        77186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       494376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       193619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       649376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       664689                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       106793                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3166519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3524983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3135052425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3529084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2208241710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3365346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3171170697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3430601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2164853144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3249932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2157177822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3460030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2159277202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3459308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1243678888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3365624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2137091641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3592506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2231753062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3836382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3461804606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3369920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2153314221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3948767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3479465221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3390325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2145423044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3655786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2155736672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3470240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2139929074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3259336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1230576226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37430453825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3524983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3135052425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3529084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2208241710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3365346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3171170697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3430601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2164853144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3249932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2157177822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3460030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2159277202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3459308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1243678888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3365624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2137091641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3592506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2231753062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3836382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3461804606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3369920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2153314221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3948767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3479465221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3390325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2145423044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3655786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2155736672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3470240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2139929074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3259336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1230576226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37430453825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.407861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.411643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.319796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.371183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.373216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.403914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.371303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.370234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.317710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.379336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.007353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.108108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.407114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.317987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.370683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.372243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.403555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.378628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.407114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.410885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.317987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.370683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.372243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.403555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.405634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90384.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105554.866566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95380.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105671.527162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90955.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105593.588192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103957.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103720.445765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90275.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105865.919256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 104849.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103777.757185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96091.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105360.800407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98988.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103476.087784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92115.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105877.322103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93570.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104507.773662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99115.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103534.677421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91831.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104519.163712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99715.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103781.977886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107523.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103991.156392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102065.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103849.661781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90537.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105060.721079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104631.714139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        72888                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 89298.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        89650                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92862.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        77186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98875.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96809.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108229.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83086.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       106793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93132.911765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90384.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105553.766708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95380.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105667.609819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90955.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105593.057306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103957.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103720.445765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90275.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105863.366639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 104849.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103776.479166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96091.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105360.800407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98988.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103476.087784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92115.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105875.661179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93570.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104507.308860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99115.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103534.677421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91831.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104519.832412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99715.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103773.969430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107523.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103991.156392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102065.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103849.804620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90537.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105060.721079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104630.621277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90384.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105553.766708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95380.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105667.609819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90955.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105593.057306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103957.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103720.445765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90275.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105863.366639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 104849.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103776.479166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96091.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105360.800407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98988.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103476.087784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92115.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105875.661179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93570.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104507.308860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99115.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103534.677421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91831.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104519.832412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99715.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103773.969430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107523.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103991.156392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102065.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103849.804620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90537.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105060.721079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104630.621277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              528.199324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012378109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1910147.375472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    39.137157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   489.062167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.062720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12370060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12370060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12370060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12370060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12370060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12370060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7638489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7638489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7638489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7638489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7638489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7638489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12370111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12370111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12370111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12370111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12370111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12370111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149774.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149774.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149774.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149774.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149774.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149774.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6341420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6341420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6341420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6341420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6341420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6341420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158535.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158535.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158535.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158535.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158535.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158535.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180703460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2468.255590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.202280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.797720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8580880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8580880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15689557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15689557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       184587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          824                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          824                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       185411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       185411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22646978964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22646978964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     70989603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70989603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22717968567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22717968567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22717968567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22717968567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8765467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8765467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15874968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15874968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15874968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15874968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122689.999642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122689.999642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86152.430825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86152.430825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122527.620082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122527.620082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122527.620082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122527.620082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       111768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112456                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112456                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8075479494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8075479494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9128505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9128505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8084607999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8084607999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8084607999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8084607999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110897.972974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110897.972974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67121.360294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67121.360294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110816.366239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110816.366239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110816.366239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110816.366239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.370845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1007785545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1938049.125000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    36.370845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.058287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12223099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12223099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12223099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12223099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12223099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12223099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7207515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7207515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7207515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7207515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7207515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7207515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12223147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12223147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12223147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12223147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12223147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12223147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150156.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150156.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150156.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150156.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150156.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150156.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6099828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6099828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6099828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6099828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6099828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6099828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160521.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160521.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160521.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160521.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160521.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160521.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                56693                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              172057307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                56949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3021.252472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.867917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.132083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8627487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8627487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7300422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7300422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15927909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15927909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15927909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15927909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       193414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       197267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       197267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       197267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       197267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25354050819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25354050819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    482176452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482176452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25836227271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25836227271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25836227271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25836227271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8820901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8820901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7304275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7304275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16125176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16125176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16125176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16125176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131086.947269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131086.947269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125143.122761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125143.122761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130970.853062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130970.853062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130970.853062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130970.853062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           18801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       136882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6047694970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047694970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11212895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11212895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6058907865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6058907865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6058907865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6058907865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106978.259570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106978.259570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69645.310559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69645.310559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106872.239342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106872.239342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106872.239342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106872.239342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              527.242503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1012378199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1917382.952652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.242503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12370150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12370150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12370150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12370150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12370150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12370150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7365815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7365815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7365815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7365815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7365815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7365815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12370198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12370198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12370198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12370198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12370198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12370198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153454.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153454.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153454.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153454.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153454.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153454.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5980451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5980451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5980451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5980451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5980451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5980451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157380.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157380.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157380.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157380.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157380.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157380.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                73091                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              180699843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                73347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2463.629637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.185809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.814191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8579934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8579934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7105942                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7105942                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15685876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15685876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15685876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15685876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       185396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       186226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       186226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       186226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       186226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22806344520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22806344520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     71572837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71572837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22877917357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22877917357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22877917357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22877917357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8765330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8765330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7106772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7106772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15872102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15872102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15872102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15872102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123014.221019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123014.221019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86232.333735                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86232.333735                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122850.285980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122850.285980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122850.285980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122850.285980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       112442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       113135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       113135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        72954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        73091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        73091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8120441884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8120441884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9183936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9183936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8129625820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8129625820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8129625820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8129625820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111309.069880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111309.069880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67036.029197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67036.029197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111226.085565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111226.085565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111226.085565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111226.085565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              558.875122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              926223429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1651022.155080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.868777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.006345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.052674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12404882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12404882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12404882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12404882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12404882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12404882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8524480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8524480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8524480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8524480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8524480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8524480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12404926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12404926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12404926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12404926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12404926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12404926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 193738.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193738.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 193738.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193738.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 193738.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193738.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7155380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7155380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7155380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7155380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7155380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7155380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 210452.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210452.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 210452.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210452.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 210452.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210452.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55666                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              223864770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                55922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4003.161010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   202.547024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    53.452976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.791199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.208801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18243634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18243634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3502251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3502251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8218                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8218                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21745885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       21745885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21745885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      21745885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       195194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       195194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       195194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       195194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22558122196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22558122196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32148591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32148591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22590270787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22590270787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22590270787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22590270787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18438473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18438473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3502606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3502606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8218                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8218                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21941079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21941079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21941079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21941079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 115778.269217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115778.269217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90559.411268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90559.411268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 115732.403593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115732.403593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 115732.403593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115732.403593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       139248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       139528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       139528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5943238001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5943238001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5498037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5498037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5948736038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5948736038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5948736038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5948736038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106910.075390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106910.075390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73307.160000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73307.160000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106864.801459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106864.801459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106864.801459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106864.801459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.505022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1007790954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1941793.745665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.505022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12228508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12228508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12228508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12228508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12228508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12228508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6955180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6955180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6955180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6955180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6955180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6955180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12228554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12228554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12228554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12228554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12228554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12228554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151199.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151199.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151199.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151199.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151199.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151199.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5838414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5838414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5838414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5838414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5838414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5838414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157794.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157794.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157794.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157794.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157794.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157794.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                56594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172062472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                56850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3026.604609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.870180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.129820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8627348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8627348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7305579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7305579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15932927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15932927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15932927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15932927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       197285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       197285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       197285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       197285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25398505312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25398505312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    484119172                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484119172                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25882624484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25882624484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25882624484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25882624484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8820769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8820769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7309443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7309443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16130212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16130212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16130212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16130212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131312.035984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131312.035984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125289.640787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125289.640787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131194.082084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131194.082084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131194.082084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131194.082084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           19580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       136986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       140690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       140690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5989977656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5989977656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11077024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11077024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6001054680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6001054680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6001054680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6001054680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106139.410933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106139.410933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69231.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69231.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106035.068116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106035.068116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106035.068116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106035.068116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.125412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              926224423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1651023.926916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.030563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.094848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.052934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12405876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12405876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12405876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12405876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12405876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12405876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7954557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7954557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7954557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7954557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7954557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7954557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12405919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12405919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12405919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12405919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12405919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12405919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 184989.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184989.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 184989.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184989.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 184989.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184989.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6603454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6603454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6603454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6603454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6603454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6603454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 194219.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194219.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 194219.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194219.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 194219.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194219.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55694                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              223866865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4001.195085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.326730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.673270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.790339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.209661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18244862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18244862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3503110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21747972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21747972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21747972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21747972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       194891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       195257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       195257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22562222580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22562222580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34512668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34512668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22596735248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22596735248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22596735248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22596735248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18439753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18439753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3503476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3503476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21943229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21943229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21943229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21943229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115768.417115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115768.417115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94296.907104                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94296.907104                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115728.169786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115728.169786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115728.169786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115728.169786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5939541959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5939541959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5488339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5488339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5945030298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5945030298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5945030298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5945030298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106789.801309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106789.801309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73177.853333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73177.853333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106744.537975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106744.537975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106744.537975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106744.537975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              492.335271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1009880494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2048439.135903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.335271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12517974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12517974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12517974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12517974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12517974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12517974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7685664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7685664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7685664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7685664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7685664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7685664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12518023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12518023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12518023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12518023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12518023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12518023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156850.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156850.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156850.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156850.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156850.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156850.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6105449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6105449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6105449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6105449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6105449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6105449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160669.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160669.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160669.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160669.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160669.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160669.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                37121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              163806287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                37377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4382.542392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.162807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.837193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.910792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.089208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9987756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9987756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7417981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7417981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17405737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17405737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17405737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17405737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        97450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        97450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10468659711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10468659711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    141865424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141865424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10610525135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10610525135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10610525135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10610525135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     10083106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10083106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7420081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7420081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17503187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17503187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17503187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17503187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109791.921458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109791.921458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67554.963810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67554.963810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108881.735608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108881.735608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108881.735608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108881.735608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       142550                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 23758.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3730034006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3730034006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16210572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16210572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3746244578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3746244578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3746244578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3746244578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101054.807673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101054.807673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 77193.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77193.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100919.818378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100919.818378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100919.818378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100919.818378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              559.163909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              926226107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1648089.158363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.069020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.094889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12407560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12407560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12407560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12407560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12407560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12407560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9035355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9035355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9035355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9035355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9035355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9035355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12407604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12407604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12407604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12407604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12407604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12407604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205348.977273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 205348.977273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205348.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 205348.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205348.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 205348.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7269264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7269264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7269264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7269264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7269264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7269264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 207693.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207693.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 207693.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207693.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 207693.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207693.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                55716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              223866569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                55972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3999.617112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   201.998517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    54.001483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.789057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.210943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18244055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18244055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3503610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     21747665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       21747665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     21747665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      21747665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       194599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       194965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       194965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       194965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       194965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22470652655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22470652655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33424638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33424638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22504077293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22504077293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22504077293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22504077293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18438654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18438654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3503976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3503976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     21942630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21942630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     21942630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21942630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115471.573107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115471.573107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91324.147541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91324.147541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115426.242110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115426.242110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115426.242110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115426.242110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            6564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       138958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5921183805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5921183805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5540292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5540292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5926724097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5926724097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5926724097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5926724097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106417.638163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106417.638163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73870.560000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73870.560000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106373.826136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106373.826136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106373.826136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106373.826136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              520.647954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1007783270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1930619.291188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.647954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12220824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12220824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12220824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12220824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12220824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12220824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7453084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7453084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7453084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7453084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7453084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7453084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12220872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12220872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12220872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12220872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12220872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12220872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155272.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155272.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155272.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155272.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155272.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155272.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6349072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6349072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6349072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6349072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6349072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6349072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158726.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158726.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158726.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158726.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158726.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158726.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                56627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              172046441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                56883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3024.566936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.869273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.130727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8620074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8620074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7296961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7296961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15917035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15917035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15917035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15917035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       193288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       197123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       197123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       197123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       197123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25467903393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25467903393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    480796671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    480796671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25948700064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25948700064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25948700064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25948700064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8813362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8813362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7300796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7300796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16114158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16114158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16114158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16114158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131761.430575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131761.430575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125370.709518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125370.709518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131637.100004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131637.100004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131637.100004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131637.100004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       136822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        56466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        56627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        56627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6066445702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6066445702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11432524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11432524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6077878226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6077878226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6077878226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6077878226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107435.371764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107435.371764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 71009.465839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71009.465839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107331.806841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107331.806841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107331.806841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107331.806841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              580.866013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1037048741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1772732.890598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.786273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.079740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.063760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12107415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12107415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12107415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12107415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12107415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12107415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9161355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9161355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9161355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9161355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9161355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9161355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12107472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12107472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12107472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12107472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12107472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12107472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160725.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160725.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160725.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160725.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160725.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160725.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6942800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6942800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6942800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6942800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6942800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6942800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165304.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165304.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165304.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165304.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165304.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165304.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                82083                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              448715949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                82339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5449.616209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.906837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.093163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     31767084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31767084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17393835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17393835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49160919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       49160919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49160919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      49160919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       290970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       290970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35090621091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35090621091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23721475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23721475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35114342566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35114342566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35114342566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35114342566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     32057794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32057794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17394095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17394095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49451889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49451889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49451889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49451889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120706.618592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120706.618592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91236.442308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91236.442308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120680.285136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120680.285136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120680.285136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120680.285136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           13762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       208887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9150473606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9150473606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5813439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5813439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9156287045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9156287045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9156287045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9156287045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111584.337614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111584.337614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 74531.269231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74531.269231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111549.127651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111549.127651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111549.127651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111549.127651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              558.954754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              926224483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1648086.268683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.775964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.178790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12405936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12405936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12405936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12405936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12405936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12405936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9763497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9763497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9763497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9763497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9763497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9763497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12405980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12405980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12405980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12405980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12405980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12405980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 221897.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 221897.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 221897.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221897.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 221897.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221897.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7624451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7624451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7624451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7624451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7624451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7624451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 217841.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217841.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 217841.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217841.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 217841.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217841.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                55676                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              223868097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                55932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4002.504774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   201.998587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    54.001413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.789057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.210943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18245266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18245266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3503925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8221                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8221                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21749191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       21749191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21749191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      21749191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       195028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          374                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       195402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       195402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       195402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       195402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22530227674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22530227674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34721823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34721823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22564949497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22564949497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22564949497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22564949497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18440294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18440294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3504299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8221                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8221                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21944593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21944593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21944593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21944593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115523.041174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115523.041174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92839.098930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92839.098930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115479.624042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115479.624042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115479.624042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115479.624042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       139428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       139726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       139726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5931903365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5931903365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5469721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5469721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5937373086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5937373086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5937373086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5937373086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106688.909442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106688.909442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71970.013158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71970.013158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106641.516740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106641.516740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106641.516740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106641.516740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              582.102998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1037048866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1766693.127768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    41.061026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.041972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.065803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12107540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12107540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12107540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12107540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12107540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12107540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8521103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8521103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8521103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8521103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8521103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8521103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12107594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12107594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12107594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12107594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12107594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12107594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157798.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157798.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157798.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157798.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157798.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157798.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7055539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7055539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7055539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7055539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7055539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7055539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160353.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160353.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160353.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160353.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160353.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160353.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                82069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448670831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                82325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5449.994910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.907710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.092290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31737279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31737279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17378535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17378535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49115814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       49115814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49115814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      49115814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       290954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       290954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35260581995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35260581995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     25243917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25243917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35285825912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35285825912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35285825912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35285825912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     32027974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32027974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17378794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17378794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49406768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49406768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49406768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49406768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121297.518000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121297.518000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97466.861004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97466.861004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121276.304543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121276.304543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121276.304543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121276.304543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       208704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       208885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       208885                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208885                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9165746838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9165746838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6247585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6247585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9171994423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9171994423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9171994423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9171994423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111789.670061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111789.670061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 80097.243590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80097.243590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111759.548953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111759.548953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111759.548953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111759.548953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              558.726197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              926226227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1648089.371886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.547342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.178855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.053762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12407680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12407680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12407680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12407680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12407680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12407680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9227534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9227534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9227534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9227534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9227534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9227534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12407722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12407722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12407722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12407722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12407722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12407722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 219703.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219703.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 219703.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219703.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 219703.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219703.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7645720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7645720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7645720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7645720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7645720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7645720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 218449.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218449.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 218449.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218449.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 218449.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218449.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                55730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              223868337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                55986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3998.648537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   202.217429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    53.782571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.789912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.210088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     18245515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18245515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3503923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     21749438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       21749438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     21749438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      21749438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       194724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       195079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       195079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       195079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       195079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22409687865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22409687865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37658359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37658359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22447346224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22447346224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22447346224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22447346224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18440239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18440239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3504278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     21944517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21944517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     21944517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21944517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115084.364870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115084.364870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106079.884507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106079.884507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115067.978737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115067.978737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115067.978737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115067.978737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5917667940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5917667940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5926034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5926034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5923593974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923593974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5923593974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923593974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106321.965216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106321.965216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 80081.540541                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80081.540541                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106287.123627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106287.123627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106287.123627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106287.123627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              559.035898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              926223864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1648085.167260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.940994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.094904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12405317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12405317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12405317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12405317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12405317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12405317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8640713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8640713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8640713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8640713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8640713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8640713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12405360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12405360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12405360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12405360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12405360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12405360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 200946.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200946.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 200946.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200946.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 200946.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200946.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7274227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7274227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7274227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7274227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7274227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7274227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 207835.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207835.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 207835.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207835.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 207835.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207835.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                55712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              223864397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                55968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3999.864155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   201.998798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    54.001202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.789058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.210942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18241574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18241574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3503931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     21745505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       21745505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     21745505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      21745505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       194632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       194998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       194998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       194998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       194998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22474390700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22474390700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     32818661                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32818661                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22507209361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22507209361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22507209361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22507209361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18436206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18436206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3504297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8283                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     21940503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21940503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     21940503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21940503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115471.200522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115471.200522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89668.472678                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89668.472678                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115422.770290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115422.770290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115422.770290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115422.770290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            6252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       138996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       139286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       139286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        55636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        55712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        55712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5933451721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5933451721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5327679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5327679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5938779400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5938779400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5938779400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5938779400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106647.705101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106647.705101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70101.039474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70101.039474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106597.849655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106597.849655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106597.849655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106597.849655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.680988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              926225578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1648088.217082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.545134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.135854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.053758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12407031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12407031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12407031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12407031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12407031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12407031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9305002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9305002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9305002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9305002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9305002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9305002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12407074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12407074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12407074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12407074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12407074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12407074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 216395.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216395.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 216395.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216395.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 216395.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216395.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7571950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7571950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7571950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7571950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7571950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7571950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 216341.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216341.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 216341.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216341.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 216341.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216341.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                55729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              223870290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                55985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3998.754845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.218448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.781552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.789916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.210084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18247445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18247445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3503952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21751397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21751397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21751397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21751397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       194208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          363                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       194571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       194571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       194571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       194571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22407734273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22407734273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32440911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32440911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22440175184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22440175184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22440175184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22440175184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18441653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18441653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3504315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21945968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21945968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21945968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21945968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115380.078437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115380.078437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89368.900826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89368.900826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115331.550868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115331.550868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115331.550868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115331.550868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       138554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       138842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       138842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5917155220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5917155220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5510208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5510208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5922665428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5922665428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5922665428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5922665428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106320.394221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106320.394221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73469.440000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73469.440000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106276.183459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106276.183459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106276.183459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106276.183459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              492.174164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1009882635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2048443.478702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.174164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12520115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12520115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12520115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12520115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12520115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12520115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7336464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7336464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7336464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7336464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7336464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7336464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12520163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12520163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12520163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12520163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12520163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12520163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       152843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       152843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       152843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       152843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       152843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       152843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5998870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5998870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5998870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       157865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       157865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       157865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                37074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              163805465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                37330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4388.038173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.160170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.839830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.910782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.089218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9986616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9986616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7418371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7418371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17404987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17404987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17404987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17404987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        97149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        97149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10429764672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10429764672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    138261831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138261831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10568026503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10568026503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10568026503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10568026503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10081773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10081773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7420363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7420363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17502136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17502136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17502136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17502136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109605.858444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109605.858444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69408.549699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69408.549699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108781.629281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108781.629281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108781.629281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108781.629281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       319528                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 31952.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3714962188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3714962188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16259232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16259232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3731221420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3731221420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3731221420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3731221420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100766.598530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100766.598530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 78169.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78169.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100639.822522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100639.822522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100639.822522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100639.822522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
