
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001063                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1062701982                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400559416380                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 411924                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   531199                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36781                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28892.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11901577388                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15347772715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        32000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        31488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        26880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        26368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        20608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        32384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        74240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               449280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           44544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       160256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            160256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3492983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     15537752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3613431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16139991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1686268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     30111923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3613431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16019543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1686268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     29630132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1686268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     30834609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1806715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     25294015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3131640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13851484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1806715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24812224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3131640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13851484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3492983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     15296857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3011192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13731037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1686268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19392078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1686268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     30473266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3492983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16019543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2890745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     69859661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               422771396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3492983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3613431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1686268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3613431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1686268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1686268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1806715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3131640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1806715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3131640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3492983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3011192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1686268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1686268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3492983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2890745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           41915796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         150800509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              150800509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         150800509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3492983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     15537752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3613431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16139991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1686268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     30111923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3613431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16019543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1686268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     29630132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1686268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     30834609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1806715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     25294015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3131640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13851484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1806715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24812224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3131640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13851484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3492983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     15296857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3011192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13731037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1686268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19392078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1686268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     30473266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3492983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16019543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2890745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     69859661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              573571905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22200                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86401                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80761                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2017450                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1179039                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102032                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244910                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        44863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2101411     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11329      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17835      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23869      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25108      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21301      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11307      0.48%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17835      0.76%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116326      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2346321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082658                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462650                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1997175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        65593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244282                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38888                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34391                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1445462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38888                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2003118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         13438                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        39377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238730                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443912                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2015451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6714641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6714641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         300217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40160                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136273                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          752                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15487                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357447                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178158                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1773664     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234349      9.99%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119195      5.08%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        90419      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70960      3.02%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28820      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18126      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9549      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1239      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          909     36.92%     49.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1240     50.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141743     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20239      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123277      9.08%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72020      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357447                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532657                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2462                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001814                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5063989                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619026                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334980                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359909                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2601                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1481                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38888                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1161                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440858                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136273                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          975                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12115                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13045                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25160                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337220                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187701                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            72002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524720                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335072                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767841                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2068974                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523841                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210416                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22255                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1803085     78.14%     78.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249989     10.83%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94492      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44711      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37591      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22002      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19532      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8478      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27553      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        27553                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3720725                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2920616                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32378                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                202126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.548447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.548447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392396                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392396                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338845                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         210582                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1014                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2015220                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1177424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            210582                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       102178                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              244723                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         61279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        45561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          124789                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2344362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2099639     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          11311      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17976      0.77%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          23819      1.02%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          25014      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          21313      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11639      0.50%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17553      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         116098      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2344362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082632                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462016                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1994838                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        66414                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          244071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        38647                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        34406                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1443362                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        38647                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2000805                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         13614                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        39905                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          238479                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1441691                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2012047                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6704257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6704257                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1714372                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         297670                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           40233                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       135993                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        72301                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1438312                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176227                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428493                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2344362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1772376     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234195      9.99%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118861      5.07%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89908      3.84%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71133      3.03%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29008      1.24%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18122      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9478      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1281      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2344362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          899     36.65%     49.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1244     50.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141136     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20171      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123139      9.08%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71925      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356539                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.532300                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001808                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5060207                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614901                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1358992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24593                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        38647                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         10823                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1438667                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135993                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72301                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          937                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12137                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25118                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336258                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115552                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             187460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         189534                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            71908                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.524342                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1334198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1334107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          767351                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2068195                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.523498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371024                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229828                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       208841                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2305715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1801741     78.14%     78.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249671     10.83%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94447      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44773      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37580      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21948      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19585      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8386      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27584      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2305715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       999502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1229828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               182255                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              111397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           177315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1108058                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        25318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        27584                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3716787                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2915996                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                204085                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            999502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1229828                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       999502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.549717                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.549717                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392200                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392200                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6012485                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1859919                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1337086                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         200089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180137                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10878                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2099429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1257042                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            200089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        80395                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              247875                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         38612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        44628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          122109                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2418083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2170208     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8616      0.36%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18383      0.76%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7229      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          40490      1.67%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          36215      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7012      0.29%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14738      0.61%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         115192      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2418083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.078514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.493258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2087697                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        56775                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          246875                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25973                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17786                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1473945                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25973                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2090373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         38350                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        11287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          245036                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7058                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1472024                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           40                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1737228                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6928177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6928177                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1505128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         232100                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           19835                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       343675                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       172596                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1648                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8450                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1399539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       324705                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2418083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1921145     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148206      6.13%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122559      5.07%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52856      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67225      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64511      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36730      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2996      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1855      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2418083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3536     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27336     86.26%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          820      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       882292     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12261      0.88%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332845     23.78%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172057     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1399539                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.549173                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022645                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5249754                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1600070                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1385796                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1431231                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2486                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16564                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1515                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25973                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         34721                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1750                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343675                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172596                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1173                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6344                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7653                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13997                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1388335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             503570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         181651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           172023                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.544777                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1385907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1385796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          749877                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1482516                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.543781                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505814                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1116492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1312113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        12249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915840     80.09%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174141      7.28%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81600      3.41%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80500      3.37%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21748      0.91%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93472      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7233      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5086      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12490      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1116492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1312113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               498192                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              327111                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173273                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1166839                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12737                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3846717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2960181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 47278                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                130364                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1116492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1312113                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1116492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.282548                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.282548                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.438107                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.438107                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6854841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1615019                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1745489                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         210781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80730                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21261                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2015138                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1179409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            210781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       101991                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              244970                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         61541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        45446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          124812                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2344690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2099720     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11342      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17736      0.76%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23829      1.02%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.07%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21294      0.91%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11627      0.50%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17664      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         116355      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2344690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082710                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1994742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        66302                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          244347                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        38925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1446147                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        38925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2000767                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13311                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        40100                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          238690                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12893                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1444482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2015481                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6717150                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6717150                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1714187                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         301294                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40503                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       136464                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        72391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15454                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1441114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357868                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          356                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179337                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2344690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1772549     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234008      9.98%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118951      5.07%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89800      3.83%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71379      3.04%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29024      1.24%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18188      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9534      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1257      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2344690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           311     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          918     37.12%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1244     50.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142230     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20192      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123274      9.08%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72004      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357868                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532822                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001821                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5063255                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1620814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2832                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25074                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1540                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        38925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136464                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          981                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13077                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25085                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337518                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115676                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             187666                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         189501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71990                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524836                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1335382                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1335295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          767906                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2070918                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523964                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999397                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22182                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2305765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1801877     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249593     10.82%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94593      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44671      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37570      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21836      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19591      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8368      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27666      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2305765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       999397                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1229702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               182241                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           177298                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1107945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25316                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27666                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3719564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2921888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                203757                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            999397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1229702                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       999397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.549985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.549985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6018010                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1861363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1339203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         200340                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12214                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74783                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69438                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10851                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          535                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2099594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1258494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            200340                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        80289                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              247980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         38837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        43567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          122159                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2417490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2169510     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8613      0.36%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18337      0.76%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7259      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          40408      1.67%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          36271      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6809      0.28%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14803      0.61%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         115480      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2417490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.078613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.493828                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2087899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        55694                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          246937                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        26171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        17725                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1475308                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        26171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2090669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         36582                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        11764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          245017                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7281                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1473244                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         2847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           39                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1739234                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6933262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6933262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1505334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         233900                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           20490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       343704                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       172635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1657                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8459                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1467944                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1400145                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          918                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134079                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2417490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1919859     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148857      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122617      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52901      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67167      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64472      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36803      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3007      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1807      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2417490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3553     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27294     86.20%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          815      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       882837     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12282      0.88%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332883     23.77%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172059     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1400145                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.549411                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31662                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022613                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5250360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1602246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1386450                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1431807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2566                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1545                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        26171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         32954                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1751                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1468120                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           42                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1165                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6347                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7707                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        14054                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1389002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331641                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             503663                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         181677                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           172022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.545039                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1386564                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1386450                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          750483                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1484430                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.544037                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505570                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1116613                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1312265                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       156001                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12276                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1914965     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174161      7.28%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81564      3.41%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80566      3.37%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21850      0.91%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93443      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7192      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5113      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12465      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1116613                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1312265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               498218                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              327128                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           173295                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1166975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        12465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3847120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2962721                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 47256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                130957                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1116613                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1312265                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1116613                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.282301                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.282301                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.438154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.438154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6857966                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1616230                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1747025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         199998                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180186                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12323                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74527                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69295                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10828                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2098079                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1256996                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            199998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        80123                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              247657                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         39022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        44386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          122151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12177                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2416550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2168893     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           8514      0.35%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18357      0.76%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           7232      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          40391      1.67%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          36247      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6924      0.29%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          14757      0.61%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         115235      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2416550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.078478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.493240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2086218                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        56685                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          246618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        26250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17663                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1473350                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        26250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2088980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         37631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        11795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          244723                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7165                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1471379                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         2840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1737009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6924524                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6924524                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1502212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         234797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           20419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       343475                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       172437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1643                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8469                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1398194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          873                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327481                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2416550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1920246     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147947      6.12%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122366      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52704      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67212      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64500      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36781      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2983      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1811      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2416550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3507     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27343     86.37%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          808      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       881378     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12250      0.88%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332599     23.79%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       171884     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1398194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.548646                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31658                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022642                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5245469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1600170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1384370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1429852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2509                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1511                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        26250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         34036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1739                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466299                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343475                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6362                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7747                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        14109                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1386894                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11300                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             503166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         181329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           171851                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.544211                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1384483                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1384370                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          749151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1480963                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.543221                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.505854                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1114751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1309902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       156548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        12382                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915001     80.12%     80.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173617      7.26%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81361      3.40%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80448      3.37%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21688      0.91%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93500      3.91%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7209      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5095      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12381      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1114751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1309902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               497812                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              326886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           172929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1164840                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        12680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        12381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3844369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2959167                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 47318                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                131897                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1114751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1309902                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1114751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.286113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.286113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.437424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.437424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6848097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1613675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1745105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         195484                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       127977                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122896                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2038746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1107863                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            195484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       134710                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              246258                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         55191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        33634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          124436                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2356767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2110509     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          37167      1.58%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          19102      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          35911      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11730      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          33341      1.41%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5283      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9002      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          94722      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2356767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.076707                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.434721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1975056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        98026                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          245632                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          271                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37781                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        19271                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1245116                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37781                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1982204                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         64508                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        13517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          239805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        18951                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1242512                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        17040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1636111                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5636571                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5636571                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1302782                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         333319                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           34067                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       218755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        36662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          302                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1234412                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1147485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       236625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       496148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2356767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1851872     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166156      7.05%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161099      6.84%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97492      4.14%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50953      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13298      0.56%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15230      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          363      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          304      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2356767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2058     57.70%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          846     23.72%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          663     18.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       903973     78.78%     78.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9211      0.80%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       197957     17.25%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36261      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1147485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.450268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3567                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003109                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4656383                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1116647                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          931                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46426                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1090                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37781                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         33172                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1234577                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           89                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          429                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10221                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7666                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1130712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194639                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             230891                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         171462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            36252                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.443687                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1116997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1116647                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          675739                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1490311                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.438168                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.453421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       995586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239044                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16708                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2318986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1946949     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147078      6.34%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93845      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29235      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48615      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9750      0.42%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6334      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5541      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31639      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2318986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       881565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       995586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               207897                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              172325                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           152843                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          870452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        31639                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3521977                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2507076                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 45080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                191680                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            881565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              995586                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       881565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.890821                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.890821                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.345922                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.345922                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5245360                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1461361                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1310866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         230649                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192187                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22708                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89423                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24328                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1995175                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1265222                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            230649                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       106008                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              262578                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        66590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21660                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2365962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2103384     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15796      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20070      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32188      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13014      0.55%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17152      0.72%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          19846      0.84%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9430      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         135082      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2365962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090506                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496468                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1983238                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        79914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          261254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          148                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41402                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34798                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1545457                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41402                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1985805                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6341                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        67403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          258792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6213                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1535183                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2145556                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7133932                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7133932                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1756445                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         389111                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22828                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       145441                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        73970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          841                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16764                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1423331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2027                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437377                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2365962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1764643     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273188     11.55%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112019      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63332      2.68%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84648      3.58%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27041      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26417      1.12%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13582      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1092      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2365962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10074     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     10.94%     89.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1280     10.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1199393     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19238      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130908      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73618      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1423331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.558509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12749                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008957                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5227400                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704000                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1383987                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1436080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1082                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31279                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1453                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41402                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4734                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          626                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497833                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145441                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12709                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13216                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25925                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1396971                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             201681                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         196948                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            73585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.548166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1384021                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1383987                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          829248                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2229743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.543071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1021688                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238977                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22692                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2324560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1791179     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270881     11.65%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97906      4.21%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48741      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44427      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18880      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18798      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8937      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24811      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2324560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1021688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1258859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               186679                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              114162                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           182441                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1133380                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25974                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24811                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3797572                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3037080                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                182485                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1021688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1258859                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1021688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.494350                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.494350                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.400906                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.400906                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6282672                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1936478                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1427254                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         195651                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173799                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17066                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       127999                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122913                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11836                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          566                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2039771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1108638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            195651                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       134749                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              246399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         55474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        33594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124573                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2358082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2111683     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          37079      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19191      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          35941      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11798      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          33355      1.41%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5297      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8988      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          94750      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2358082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.076773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.435025                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1972888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       101171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          245788                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1245872                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1980357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         66631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        13651                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          239742                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        19730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1243347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        17853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1637614                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5640127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5640127                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1302236                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         335368                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           35105                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       218751                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        36684                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          299                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8327                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235116                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1147838                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498377                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2358082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1852749     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166958      7.08%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160580      6.81%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97563      4.14%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51019      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13297      0.56%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15250      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          358      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          308      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2358082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2089     58.08%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          845     23.49%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          663     18.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904255     78.78%     78.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9212      0.80%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198022     17.25%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36266      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1147838                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.450407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3597                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003134                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4658462                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472982                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1116780                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          916                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46561                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1112                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         33555                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2346                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218751                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36684                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10300                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7706                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        18006                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1130972                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194676                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             230933                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         171499                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            36257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.443789                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1117151                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1116780                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          675603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1490304                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.438220                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.453332                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       995125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240215                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2320112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948135     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147117      6.34%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93851      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29109      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48681      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9769      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6326      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5538      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31586      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2320112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       881104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       995125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               207758                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              172186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           152768                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          870066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        31586                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3523866                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2508683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 45034                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                190365                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            881104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              995125                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       881104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.892334                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.892334                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.345742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.345742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5246137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1461755                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1311553                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         230302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191927                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22719                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89441                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81857                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1993116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1262608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            230302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       106095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              262101                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        66512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125520                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21690                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2363185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2101084     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15839      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19946      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          32120      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13067      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17135      0.73%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          19908      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9338      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         134748      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2363185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090370                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.495442                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1981373                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        79592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          260818                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          156                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41240                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1542551                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1300                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41240                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1983862                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        67185                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          258452                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1532729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2141725                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7122564                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7122564                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1753996                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         387729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           22267                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       145179                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        73857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          868                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16742                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1494149                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1421205                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2029                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432438                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2363185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1762688     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272843     11.55%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111741      4.73%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63491      2.69%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84462      3.57%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26972      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26312      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13581      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1095      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2363185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10034     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1401     11.01%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1287     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1197554     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19163      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130785      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73529      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1421205                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.557675                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008952                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5220346                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698871                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1381686                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31168                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41240                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4728                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          646                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1494517                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145179                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12762                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13126                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25888                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1394770                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128015                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             201520                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         196563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            73505                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.547302                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1381722                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1381686                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          827454                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2225572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.542168                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1020267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257111                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237413                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1789535     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270166     11.64%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97969      4.22%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48497      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44468      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18845      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18711      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8879      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24875      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1020267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1257111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               186430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              114011                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           182187                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1131816                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24875                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3791581                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3030293                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32391                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                185262                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1020267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1257111                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1020267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.497824                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.497824                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.400349                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.400349                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6273228                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1933201                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1424420                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         210781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172593                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80789                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2017936                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1179053                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            210781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       102031                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              244884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         61718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        44976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          125003                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2102112     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11325      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17844      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23764      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          25019      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          21355      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11454      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17831      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         116292      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2346996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082710                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.462655                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1997621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        65743                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          244258                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        38991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1445718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1246                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        38991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2003600                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13037                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        39808                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          238643                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1444105                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2015272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6715107                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6715107                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1714536                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         300736                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           40370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       136456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        72283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        15617                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440792                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357624                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          349                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435391                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1774163     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234718     10.00%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118979      5.07%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        90191      3.84%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71124      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29042      1.24%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18020      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9523      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1236      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          933     37.59%     50.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1239     49.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142086     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20205      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123211      9.08%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71954      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357624                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.532726                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2482                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5065075                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335148                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25043                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1412                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        38991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10264                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1130                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441146                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          950                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13110                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25239                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             187581                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         189526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            71937                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.524788                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1335242                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1335148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          767843                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2070176                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.523907                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211190                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22296                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1803841     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249802     10.82%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94424      4.09%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44971      1.95%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37497      1.62%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21965      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19483      0.84%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8489      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27533      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       999609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1229961                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               182284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              111413                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           177325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1108187                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        27533                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3721610                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2921300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32380                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                201451                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            999609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1229961                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       999609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.549444                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.549444                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392242                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392242                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6017269                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1861627                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1338744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         230408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22680                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89421                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81902                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24259                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1040                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1994288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1263314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            230408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       106161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              262386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         64261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        67265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125527                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2365305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2102919     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          15890      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20115      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          32156      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          13058      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          17143      0.72%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          19842      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9291      0.39%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         134891      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2365305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090411                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.495719                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1982506                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        80396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          261083                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        41149                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        34735                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1543388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        41149                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1985003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          6411                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        67935                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          258716                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1533505                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2142956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7126287                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7126287                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1756372                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         386579                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       145301                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        73898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          872                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        16727                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1495188                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1422239                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2001                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203886                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432028                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2365305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1764234     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273080     11.55%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112092      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63415      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84511      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26954      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26325      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13586      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1108      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2365305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10025     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1397     10.99%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1294     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1198403     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19210      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130882      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73570      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1422239                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.558081                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5224500                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1699463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1382858                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1129                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31142                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1384                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        41149                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1495557                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          952                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145301                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12726                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13094                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        25820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1395947                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128196                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             201743                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         196781                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            73547                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.547764                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1382893                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1382858                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          828304                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2227072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.542628                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371925                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1021646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258804                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236754                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        22663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2324156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1790998     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270575     11.64%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98024      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48659      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44505      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18874      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18730      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8894      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24897      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2324156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1021646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1258804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               186670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              114156                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           182432                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1133331                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        25973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3794804                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3032276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32377                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                183142                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1021646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1258804                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1021646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.494452                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.494452                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.400890                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.400890                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6278409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1934886                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1425305                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         208008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22075                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84128                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78928                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21057                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          973                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1986461                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1188069                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            208008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        99985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              259665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         63664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        58178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          123933                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.620205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.977227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2085882     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          27492      1.17%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          32153      1.37%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          17538      0.75%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          19868      0.85%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11472      0.49%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7577      0.32%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          20507      0.87%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         123058      5.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2345547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.466193                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1970250                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        74977                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          257356                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2072                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        40887                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1450146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        40887                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1973777                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         14669                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        51314                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          255941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8954                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1448266                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2015221                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6742759                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6742759                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1687265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         327956                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           26278                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       139090                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        74451                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1724                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16348                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1444441                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355108                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1954                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200750                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       468904                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776323     75.73%     75.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227768      9.71%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123163      5.25%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85336      3.64%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74821      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38147      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9429      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6067      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4493      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     10.68%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1442     46.37%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1336     42.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1134854     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21189      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125161      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73740      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355108                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531739                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3110                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5060827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1330307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1358218                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3310                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2276                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        40887                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         10429                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1065                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1444815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139090                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74451                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          740                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12088                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12910                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24998                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1333192                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             190773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         185684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            73699                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523139                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1330389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1330307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          791954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2076960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522007                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       990598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1215108                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       229717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22042                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2304660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1808166     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230461     10.00%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96613      4.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57595      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39865      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26030      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13790      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10834      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21306      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2304660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       990598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1215108                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               183768                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              111593                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173863                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1095471                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24699                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        21306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3728179                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2930540                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32235                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                202900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            990598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1215108                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       990598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.572635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.572635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.388707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.388707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6011898                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1849581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1350924                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         199987                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180097                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12235                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77429                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69694                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10855                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2100634                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1256578                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            199987                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        80549                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              247735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         38568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        43365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122216                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2417794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2170059     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8634      0.36%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18257      0.76%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7237      0.30%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          40564      1.68%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          36205      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6939      0.29%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14849      0.61%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         115050      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2417794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.078474                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.493076                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2089215                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        55211                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          246721                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        25883                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1473128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        25883                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2091885                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         36684                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        11477                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          244883                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6976                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1471206                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         2752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           35                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1736359                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6924392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6924392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1505680                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         230672                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           19755                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       343442                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       172638                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466022                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1399935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131914                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       319353                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2417794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1920502     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148585      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122428      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52961      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67202      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64587      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36700      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2964      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1865      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2417794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3533     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27331     86.25%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          825      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       882582     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12270      0.88%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332927     23.78%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172072     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1399935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.549329                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31689                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022636                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5250255                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1598161                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1386097                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1431624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16292                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1537                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        25883                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         33143                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1731                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466197                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343442                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172638                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1173                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6473                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        14075                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1388660                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331642                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             503677                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         181714                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           172035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.544904                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1386209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1386097                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          750205                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1483286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.543899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1116810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1312506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153793                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        12295                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915346     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174419      7.29%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81640      3.41%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80476      3.36%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21791      0.91%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93378      3.90%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7231      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5101      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12529      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1116810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1312506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               498251                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              327150                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           173336                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1167184                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12743                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12529                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3845681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2958499                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 47261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                130653                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1116810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1312506                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1116810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.281898                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.281898                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.438232                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.438232                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6856349                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1615696                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1745098                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2548447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172470                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86630                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016309                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1178671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       102147                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              244865                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        45214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124835                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21995                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2100538     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11304      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17847      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23810      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          25138      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          21271      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11602      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          17652      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         116241      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2345403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1995928                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        66057                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          244246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          365                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        38805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34384                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1445054                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        38805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2001930                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13464                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        39714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          238602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1443441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2014180                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6712550                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6712550                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1714669                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         299500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           40426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       136260                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          778                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1773121     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234315      9.99%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118904      5.07%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89843      3.83%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71333      3.04%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28933      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18172      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9552      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1230      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          905     36.79%     49.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1242     50.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141797     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20209      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123221      9.08%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71990      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2460                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001812                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5062937                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1618578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335028                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2819                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24837                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        38805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10685                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136260                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1006                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12161                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25168                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337267                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115688                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             187661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         189491                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524738                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1335116                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1335028                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          767622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2069882                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523859                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370853                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1802606     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249673     10.82%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94564      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44609      1.93%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37664      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21877      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19548      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8364      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27693      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       999683                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1230049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182294                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111419                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           177333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1108270                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25324                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27693                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3719292                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2919623                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32366                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                203044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            999683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1230049                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       999683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.549255                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.549255                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.392271                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.392271                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6017033                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1861013                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1338443                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2548444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         199118                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162354                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80323                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19671                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          890                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924132                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1176387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            199118                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        95493                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              241357                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         66564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        62797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          120277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21095                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2031661     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12750      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20342      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          30397      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12785      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          14976      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          15277      0.67%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10974      0.48%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         123856      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2273018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.078133                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1899700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        88006                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          239536                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1432                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        44339                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1425516                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1367                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        44339                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1904736                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         40257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        31940                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          236068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        15673                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1422335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1447                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1944424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6629072                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6629072                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1596664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         347760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           44802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       144454                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        79589                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4069                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15990                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1417440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1321218                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222955                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511315                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1710591     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227522     10.01%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126260      5.55%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82918      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75955      3.34%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23309      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16945      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5757      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3761      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           371     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1409     42.38%     53.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1545     46.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1087546     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24299      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131229      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77998      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1321218                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.518441                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3325                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002517                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4920865                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1640787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1296372                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1324543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6397                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31074                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5370                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1052                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        44339                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         28591                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1762                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1417762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           50                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144454                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79589                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          987                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11245                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13154                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1301621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       124321                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             202152                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         176652                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            77831                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.510751                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1296518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1296372                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          767127                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1946238                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.508692                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394159                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1167460                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2228679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1755851     78.78%     78.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225045     10.10%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93497      4.20%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47918      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35642      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20380      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12545      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10479      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27322      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2228679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       957233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1167460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               187599                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              113380                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           162245                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1055355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        27322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3620128                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2881927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 34709                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                275426                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            957233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1167460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       957233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.662303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.662303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.375615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.375615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5908021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1770324                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1351165                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3510                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32754.853738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           763181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.043400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           809.541177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.051513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    65.866562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.666632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    68.512146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.357906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   112.875466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.675283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    68.624741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.358044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   109.808770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.358613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   114.894407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.888537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   103.746923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    11.801069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    57.746733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.889160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   100.031622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.781735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    57.139037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.057727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    64.576103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.661074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    56.977024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.774064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    71.281908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.408351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   114.944040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.049524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    66.755658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.515425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   259.573827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1467.617541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1458.419129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2432.784654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1484.972912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2407.920828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2396.884065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2149.872844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1184.298638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2175.362262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1173.767957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1472.532799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1176.172185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1832.977760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2375.943586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1475.682734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          3521.453043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.024705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.001739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.007922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.044788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.044507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.074243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.045318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.073484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.073147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.065609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.036142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.066387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.035821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.044938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.035894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.055938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.072508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.045034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.107466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2108                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2108                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5722                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3510                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4652738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     19516295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4981706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20643423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2283125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     38072922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4660054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20330762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2178623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37828763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2221029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38817029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2301843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31560704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3905635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17420015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2391195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30860541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4090906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17552420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4539761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     19082457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3894893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17357590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2009597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23988311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2092948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38519046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4638146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20254176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3588091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77935869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       524170613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9497803                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9497803                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4652738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     19516295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4981706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20643423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2283125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     38072922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4660054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20330762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2178623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37828763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2221029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38817029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2301843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31560704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3905635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17420015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2391195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30860541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4090906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17552420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4539761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     19082457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3894893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17357590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2009597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23988311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2092948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38519046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4638146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20254176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3588091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     87433672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        533668416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4652738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     19516295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4981706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20643423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2283125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     38072922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4660054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20330762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2178623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37828763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2221029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38817029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2301843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31560704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3905635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17420015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2391195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30860541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4090906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17552420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4539761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     19082457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3894893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17357590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2009597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23988311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2092948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38519046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4638146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20254176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3588091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     87433672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       533668416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2108                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2108                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                87                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.322500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.407767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.484112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.377037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.953846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.712644                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.320099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.407767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.511013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.380199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.320099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.407767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.511013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.380199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160439.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151289.108527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166056.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 154055.395522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163080.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152291.688000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155335.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152862.872180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155615.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153775.459350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158644.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151629.019531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153456.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150289.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150216.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151478.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       159413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149808.451456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157342.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152629.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156543.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150255.566929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155795.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152259.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 143542.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 148995.720497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149496.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152249.193676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159936.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152287.037594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149503.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150455.345560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152021.639501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153190.370968                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153190.370968                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160439.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151289.108527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166056.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 154055.395522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163080.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152291.688000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155335.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152862.872180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155615.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153775.459350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158644.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151629.019531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153456.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150289.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150216.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151478.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       159413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149808.451456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157342.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152629.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156543.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150255.566929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155795.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152259.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 143542.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 148995.720497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149496.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152249.193676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159936.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152287.037594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149503.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150747.710345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152042.283761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160439.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151289.108527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166056.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 154055.395522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163080.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152291.688000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155335.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152862.872180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155615.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153775.459350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158644.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151629.019531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153456.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150289.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150216.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151478.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       159413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149808.451456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157342.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152629.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156543.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150255.566929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155795.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152259.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 143542.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 148995.720497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149496.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152249.193676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159936.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152287.037594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149503.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150747.710345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152042.283761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1252                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1252                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2967337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     12004075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3239862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12847737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1467799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23537461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2915493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12598680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1362831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23526899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1407684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23922611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1429392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     19328347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2391551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10724168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1521549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18856176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2579618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10860429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2854385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11693378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2441145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10716580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1194095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14611198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1278600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23800102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2957431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12512845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2190092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     47776416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323515966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5884015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5884015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2967337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     12004075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3239862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12847737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1467799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23537461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2915493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12598680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1362831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23526899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1407684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23922611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1429392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     19328347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2391551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10724168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1521549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18856176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2579618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10860429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2854385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11693378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2441145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10716580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1194095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14611198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1278600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23800102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2957431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12512845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2190092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     53660431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329399981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2967337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     12004075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3239862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12847737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1467799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23537461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2915493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12598680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1362831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23526899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1407684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23922611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1429392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     19328347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2391551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10724168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1521549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18856176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2579618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10860429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2854385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11693378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2441145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10716580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1194095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14611198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1278600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23800102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2957431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12512845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2190092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     53660431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329399981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.322500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.407767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.484112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.377037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.953846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.320099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.407767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.511013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.380199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.320099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.407767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.511013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.380199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102321.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93054.844961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 107995.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95878.634328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104842.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94149.844000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97183.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94726.917293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97345.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95637.800813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100548.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93447.699219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95292.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92039.747619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91982.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93253.634783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101436.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91534.834951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99216.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94438.513043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98427.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92073.842520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97645.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94005.087719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 85292.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90752.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91328.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94071.549407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101980.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94081.541353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91253.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92232.463320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93827.136311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94903.467742                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94903.467742                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102321.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93054.844961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 107995.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95878.634328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104842.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94149.844000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97183.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94726.917293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97345.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95637.800813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100548.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93447.699219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95292.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92039.747619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91982.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93253.634783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101436.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91534.834951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99216.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94438.513043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98427.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92073.842520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97645.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94005.087719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 85292.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90752.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91328.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94071.549407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101980.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94081.541353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91253.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92517.984483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93846.148433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102321.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93054.844961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 107995.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95878.634328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104842.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94149.844000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97183.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94726.917293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97345.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95637.800813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100548.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93447.699219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95292.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92039.747619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91982.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93253.634783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101436.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91534.834951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99216.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94438.513043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98427.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92073.842520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97645.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94005.087719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 85292.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90752.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91328.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94071.549407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101980.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94081.541353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91253.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92517.984483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93846.148433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              499.307554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1482476.037549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.307554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8753209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8753209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8753209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8753209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8753209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8753209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 218830.225000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218830.225000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 218830.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218830.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 218830.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218830.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7241555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7241555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7241555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7241555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7241555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7241555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 233598.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233598.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 233598.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233598.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 233598.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233598.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             171961.772382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.337477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.662523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.559912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.440088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        85098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    149172654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149172654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1849745                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1849745                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    151022399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151022399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    151022399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151022399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119913.709003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119913.709003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102763.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102763.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119669.095880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119669.095880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119669.095880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119669.095880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     40797903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40797903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       297078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       297078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41094981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41094981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41094981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41094981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101994.757500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101994.757500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        99026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101972.657568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101972.657568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101972.657568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101972.657568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              499.921039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750132715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1479551.706114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.921039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.039938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         124751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        124751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8270793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8270793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8270793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8270793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8270793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8270793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       124789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       124789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 217652.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217652.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 217652.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217652.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 217652.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 217652.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7268658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7268658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7268658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7268658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7268658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7268658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 227145.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227145.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 227145.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227145.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 227145.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227145.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              113322403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             171961.157815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   143.557296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   112.442704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.560771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.439229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        84728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        70517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       155245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         155245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       155245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        155245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    153425595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153425595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1867071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1867071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    155292666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    155292666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    155292666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    155292666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        85977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        70532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       156509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       156509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000213                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122838.746998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122838.746998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124471.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124471.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122858.121835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122858.121835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122858.121835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122858.121835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          861                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41905950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41905950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       356041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       356041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42261991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42261991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42261991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42261991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104764.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104764.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118680.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118680.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104868.464020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104868.464020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104868.464020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104868.464020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.356996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769306809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1381161.236984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.356996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         122092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        122092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3100899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3100899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3100899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3100899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3100899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3100899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       122109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       122109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182405.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182405.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182405.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182405.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182405.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182405.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2566626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2566626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2566626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2566626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2566626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2566626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183330.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183330.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183330.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183330.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183330.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183330.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289563425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             285565.507890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.106596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.893404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.605052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       313059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       170913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       483972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         483972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       483972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        483972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    298429650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298429650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    298429650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    298429650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    298429650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    298429650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       315733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       170913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       486646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       486646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111604.207180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111604.207180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111604.207180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111604.207180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111604.207180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111604.207180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     77857053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77857053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     77857053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77857053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     77857053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77857053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102713.790237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102713.790237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102713.790237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102713.790237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102713.790237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102713.790237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              499.929714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750132738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1479551.751479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.929714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         124774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        124774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9314362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9314362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9314362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9314362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9314362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9314362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       124812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       124812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 245114.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 245114.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 245114.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 245114.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 245114.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 245114.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8075789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8075789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8075789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8075789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8075789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8075789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 252368.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252368.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 252368.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252368.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 252368.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252368.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113322515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             171961.327769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   143.596214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   112.403786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.560923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.439077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        84850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        70507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         155357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        155357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152552703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152552703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1499467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1499467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154052170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    154052170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154052170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    154052170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        86099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122139.874299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122139.874299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83303.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83303.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121588.137332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121588.137332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121588.137332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121588.137332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42031941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42031941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       234101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42266042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42266042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42266042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42266042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105079.852500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105079.852500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 78033.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78033.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104878.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104878.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104878.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104878.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.357145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              769306859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1381161.326750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.357145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       122142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       122142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         122142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       122142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        122142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2957827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2957827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2957827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2957827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2957827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2957827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       122159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       122159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       122159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       122159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       122159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173989.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173989.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173989.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173989.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173989.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173989.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2438684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2438684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2438684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2438684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2438684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2438684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174191.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174191.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174191.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174191.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174191.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174191.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  759                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              289563431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             285284.168473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.067150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   154.932850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.394794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.605206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       313055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       170922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       483977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         483977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       483977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        483977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    301467869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301467869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    301467869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    301467869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    301467869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    301467869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       315747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       170922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       486669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       486669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111986.578380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111986.578380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111986.578380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111986.578380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111986.578380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111986.578380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78748358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78748358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78748358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78748358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78748358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78748358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103752.777339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103752.777339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103752.777339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103752.777339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103752.777339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103752.777339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              556.357726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              769306851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1381161.312388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.357726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         122134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        122134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2968762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2968762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2968762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2968762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2968762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2968762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       122151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       122151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174633.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174633.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174633.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174633.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174633.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174633.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2470953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2470953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2470953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176496.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176496.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176496.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176496.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176496.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176496.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              289563070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             285847.058243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   101.015646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   154.984354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.394592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.605408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       312857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        312857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       170759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       483616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         483616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       483616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        483616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    300417884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300417884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    300417884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    300417884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    300417884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    300417884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       315529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       170759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       486288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       486288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112431.842814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112431.842814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112431.842814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112431.842814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112431.842814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112431.842814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     78281687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78281687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     78281687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78281687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     78281687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78281687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103410.418758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103410.418758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103410.418758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103410.418758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103410.418758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103410.418758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              539.887716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              647141491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1196194.992606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.887716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         124419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        124419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2771478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2771478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2771478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2771478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2771478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2771478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       124436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       124436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163028.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163028.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163028.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163028.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163028.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163028.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2430574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2430574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2430574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2430574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2430574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2430574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162038.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162038.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162038.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162038.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162038.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162038.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151389367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             196354.561608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   132.006231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   123.993769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.515649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.484351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       177172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       212579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         212579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       212579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        212579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    208320255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    208320255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    208320255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    208320255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    208320255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    208320255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       179027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       214434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       214434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112302.024259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112302.024259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112302.024259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112302.024259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112302.024259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112302.024259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     54721449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54721449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     54721449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54721449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     54721449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54721449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106255.240777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106255.240777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106255.240777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106255.240777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106255.240777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106255.240777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              467.044125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753574921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1560196.523810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.044125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6416594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6416594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6416594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6416594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6416594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6416594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164528.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164528.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164528.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164528.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164528.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164528.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4743041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4743041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4743041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4743041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4743041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4743041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169394.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169394.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169394.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169394.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169394.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169394.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109420479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             168598.580894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   141.502529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   114.497471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.552744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.447256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        98240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        72146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       170386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         170386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       170386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        170386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104930968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104930968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1057232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1057232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105988200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    105988200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105988200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    105988200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        99236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       171394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       171394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105352.377510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105352.377510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 88102.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88102.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105147.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105147.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105147.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105147.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37575510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37575510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       208445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37783955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37783955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37783955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37783955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96347.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96347.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69481.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69481.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96142.379135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96142.379135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96142.379135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96142.379135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              539.888326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              647141628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1196195.245841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.888326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         124556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        124556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2878528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2878528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2878528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2878528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2878528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2878528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169325.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169325.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169325.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169325.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169325.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169325.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2534876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2534876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2534876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2534876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2534876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2534876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168991.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168991.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168991.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168991.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168991.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168991.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151389391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             196609.598701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   132.115647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   123.884353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.516077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.483923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       177196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         212603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        212603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    206781932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206781932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    206781932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    206781932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    206781932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    206781932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       179055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       214462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       214462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111232.884346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111232.884346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111232.884346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111232.884346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111232.884346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111232.884346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54076218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54076218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54076218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54076218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54076218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54076218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105206.649805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105206.649805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105206.649805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105206.649805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105206.649805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105206.649805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              467.022249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753574826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1560196.327122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.022249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6188670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6188670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6188670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6188670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6188670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6188670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176819.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176819.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176819.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176819.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176819.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176819.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5105340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5105340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5105340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5105340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5105340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5105340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 182333.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182333.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 182333.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182333.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 182333.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182333.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              109420296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             168858.481481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   141.394287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   114.605713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.552321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.447679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        98151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         170204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        170204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    107763783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107763783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       581786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       581786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    108345569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    108345569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    108345569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    108345569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        99152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       171212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       171212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107656.126873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107656.126873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83112.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83112.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107485.683532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107485.683532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107485.683532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107485.683532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           94                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              94                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38484046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38484046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       131330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       131330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38615376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38615376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38615376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38615376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98677.041026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98677.041026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        65665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98508.612245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98508.612245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98508.612245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98508.612245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              499.314300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750132926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1482476.138340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.314300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         124962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        124962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9061205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9061205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9061205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9061205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9061205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9061205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       125003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       125003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       221005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       221005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       221005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       221005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       221005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       221005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7009150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7009150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7009150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7009150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7009150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7009150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 226101.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226101.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 226101.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226101.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 226101.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226101.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113322688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             171961.590288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   143.372758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   112.627242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.560050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.439950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        85003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        70527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       155530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         155530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       155530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        155530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    148342675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148342675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2787891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2787891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    151130566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151130566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    151130566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151130566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        86260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        70545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       156805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       156805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118013.265712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118013.265712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 154882.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154882.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118533.777255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118533.777255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118533.777255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118533.777255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40366445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40366445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       443637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       443637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40810082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40810082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40810082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40810082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100916.112500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100916.112500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       147879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       147879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101265.712159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101265.712159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101265.712159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101265.712159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              466.901974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753574833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1563433.263485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.901974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5938564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5938564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5938564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5938564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5938564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5938564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169673.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169673.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169673.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169673.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169673.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169673.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4794281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4794281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4794281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4794281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4794281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4794281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 177565.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177565.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 177565.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177565.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 177565.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177565.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              109420528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             169119.826893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   141.413128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   114.586872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.552395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.447605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        98287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        72148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       170435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         170435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       170435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        170435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106273441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106273441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       523450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       523450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106796891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    106796891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106796891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    106796891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        99290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       171445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       171445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105955.574277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105955.574277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 74778.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74778.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105739.496040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105739.496040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105739.496040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105739.496040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38004366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38004366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       136689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       136689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38141055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38141055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38141055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38141055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97697.598972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97697.598972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68344.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68344.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97547.455243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97547.455243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97547.455243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97547.455243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.773275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750707644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1513523.475806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.773275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.022073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         123914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        123914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2686207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2686207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2686207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2686207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2686207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2686207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       123933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       123933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 141379.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141379.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 141379.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141379.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 141379.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141379.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2164943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2164943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2164943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2164943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2164943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2164943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154638.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154638.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154638.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154638.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154638.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154638.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              118290058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             158992.013441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   160.648019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    95.351981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.627531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.372469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        85911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        71753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       157664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         157664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       157664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        157664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    198679680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198679680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8124285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8124285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    206803965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    206803965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    206803965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    206803965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        87581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       159402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       159402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118969.868263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118969.868263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119474.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119474.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118989.623130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118989.623130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118989.623130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118989.623130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47750714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47750714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47750714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47750714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47750714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47750714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97849.823770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97849.823770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97849.823770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97849.823770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97849.823770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97849.823770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.407494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              769306916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1381161.429084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.407494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2905462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2905462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2905462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2905462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2905462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2905462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170909.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170909.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170909.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170909.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170909.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170909.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2305748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2305748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2305748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2305748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2305748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2305748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164696.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164696.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164696.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164696.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164696.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164696.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              289563446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             287836.427435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   100.887921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   155.112079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.394093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.605907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       313059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       170933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       483992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         483992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       483992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        483992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    296166557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    296166557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    296166557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    296166557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    296166557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    296166557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       315736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       486669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       486669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110633.753082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110633.753082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110633.753082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110633.753082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110633.753082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110633.753082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77009378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77009378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77009378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77009378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77009378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77009378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102679.170667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102679.170667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102679.170667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102679.170667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102679.170667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102679.170667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              499.305096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750132760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1482475.810277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.305096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8786307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8786307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8786307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8786307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8786307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8786307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 225289.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225289.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 225289.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225289.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 225289.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225289.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7479140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7479140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7479140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7479140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7479140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7479140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 241262.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241262.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 241262.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241262.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 241262.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241262.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              113322557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             171961.391502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   143.308917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   112.691083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.559800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.440200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        84868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       155399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         155399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       155399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        155399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    152251841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152251841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1703205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1703205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    153955046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    153955046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    153955046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    153955046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        86122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121412.951356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121412.951356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94622.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94622.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121033.841195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121033.841195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121033.841195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121033.841195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41755815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41755815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       285137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       285137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42040952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42040952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42040952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42040952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104389.537500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104389.537500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95045.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95045.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104319.980149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104319.980149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104319.980149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104319.980149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.970564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753891384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1463866.765049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.970564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.028799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4540167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4540167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4540167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4540167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4540167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4540167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       120277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       120277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151338.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151338.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151338.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151338.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151338.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151338.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3863600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3863600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3863600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3863600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3863600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3863600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       154544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       154544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       154544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125626377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             90313.714594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   190.243597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    65.756403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.743139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.256861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        91162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         91162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        73338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       164500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         164500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       164500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        164500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    325491806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325491806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86191649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86191649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    411683455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    411683455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    411683455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    411683455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        93717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        73818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 127394.053229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127394.053229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 179565.935417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179565.935417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 135645.289951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135645.289951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 135645.289951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135645.289951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121366419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121366419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10317586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10317586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    131684005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131684005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    131684005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131684005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000881                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000881                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113426.559813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113426.559813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 158732.092308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158732.092308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116021.149780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116021.149780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116021.149780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116021.149780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
