
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119850                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119850060072                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685148491899                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316005                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   403601                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2031620                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67627904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 58992.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18641851408                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23809378631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2775680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2076416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2765312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4566272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1629824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2795136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4158080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4586880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1568384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2786304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2808832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4645888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2779520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2014208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1584000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2882432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             46500736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10608896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10608896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        21685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        16222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        21604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        35674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        21837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        32485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        35835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        12253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        21768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        21944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        36296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        21715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        15736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        12375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        22519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                363287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                82882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23159605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17325114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        38448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23073096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     38099872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13598858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        38448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23321941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34694017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38271821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13086218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23248249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23436217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     38764169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23191645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16806066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13216514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24050318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               387990928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        38448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        38448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             647209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          88518070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               88518070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          88518070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        37380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23159605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        43788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17325114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        38448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23073096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        41652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     38099872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13598858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        38448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23321941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        40584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34694017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        40584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38271821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13086218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        37380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23248249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23436217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        40584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     38764169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        37380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23191645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16806066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        42720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13216514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        40584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24050318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              476508998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21813021                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19469933                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739987                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14453728                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14211330                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310541                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230381026                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123942835                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21813021                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15521871                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27622088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5724486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3486763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13942211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708253                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265464636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237842548     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204184      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134928      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4158703      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1333342      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3841192      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         607414      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         989668      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10352657      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265464636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075895                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228005086                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5915257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27567565                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3954380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2065378                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20350                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138666125                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38240                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3954380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228274065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3496047                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1581481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27311052                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       847607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138466116                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       659571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181488791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627628741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627628741                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34454461                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9405                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1924459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24956411                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4065654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25993                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       925197                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137756206                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18657                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128949482                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81974                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24987552                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51166285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265464636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208949056     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17796596      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18890600      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10974820      4.13%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678846      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1422442      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679548      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39480      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33248      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265464636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215225     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88122     23.41%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73007     19.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101129680     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013143      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22765678     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031791      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128949482                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448660                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376354                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523821928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162762750                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125665610                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129325836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5118346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3954380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2479067                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104077                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137774955                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24956411                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4065654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9400                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46131                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2598                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672370                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1844004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127314929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22443013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1634553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26474638                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19342832                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031625                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.442973                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125694058                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125665610                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76030313                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165718805                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.437234                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25164644                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1729134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261510256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219555311     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16497948      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10567853      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352684      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531003      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080960      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686392      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627726      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610379      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261510256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610379                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395680128                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279518789                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5130949                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              21945581                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.874102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.874102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591741216                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163752536                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147220579                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23701912                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19392547                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2309002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9809534                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9329515                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446471                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228041775                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132536349                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23701912                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11775986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27663264                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6304593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5431826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13948913                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2311521                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    265102405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      237439141     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1292276      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2045841      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2771223      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2854205      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2416923      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1357133      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2005167      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12920496      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    265102405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      225721371                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      7771823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        27613435                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        30639                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3965136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3902937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    162619857                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3965136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      226343556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1600751                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4749884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27029763                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1413312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    162561648                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       193617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       615752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    226812996                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    756285114                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    756285114                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    196660219                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30152764                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        40133                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         4201381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15208526                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8246486                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1943267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        162360329                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40270                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       154169253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21060                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17966392                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43059178                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1289                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265102405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199877856     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26806766     10.11%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13579594      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10261812      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8063049      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3265507      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2037620      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1069196      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141005      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265102405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28811     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        94555     36.84%     48.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       133288     51.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129659528     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2304847      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19328      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13964715      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8220835      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    154169253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536408                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256654                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573718625                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180367604                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151874096                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    154425907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       313775                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2433260                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          169                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          616                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3965136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1280070                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162400760                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        66074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15208526                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8246486                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115863                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          616                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1339307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1301158                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2640465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152059747                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13142487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2109506                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 161                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21363022                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       21609366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8220535                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529069                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            151874350                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           151874096                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        87184876                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       234926740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528423                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114640849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    141063532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21337268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38981                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2338282                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261137269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203288443     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28667189     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10828494      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5167049      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4351642      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2495417      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2185078      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987569      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3166388      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261137269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    114640849                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    141063532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20902157                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12775263                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             19448                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         20341874                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       127096136                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2904758                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3166388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          420370901                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         328766808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3451947                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              22307812                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         114640849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           141063532                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    114640849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.507049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.507049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398875                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398875                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      684379308                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     211553444                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     150761207                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        38946                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       21814606                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471950                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739682                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14466021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14213955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310815                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52176                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230419838                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            123949634                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          21814606                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     15524770                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27624584                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5722199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3476402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13943768                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    265493610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      237869026     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        4205354      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2132780      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        4158714      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1336266      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3841916      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         608280      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         989000      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10352274      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    265493610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075901                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      228059065                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5889673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27570209                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        22273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3952386                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      2064853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        20370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    138676261                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        38380                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3952386                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      228326321                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3473280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1583600                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27314548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       843471                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    138476558                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       106748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       655366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    181501420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    627675722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    627675722                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    147065678                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34435712                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        18595                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9405                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1916968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     24959279                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      4067112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26303                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       925737                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        137767757                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18663                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       128964812                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81892                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24974488                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51144715                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265493610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208968559     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17799239      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18896400      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10977557      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678000      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420911      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680267      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39471      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33206      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265493610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215062     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88146     23.43%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72946     19.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101141491     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013088      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22767815     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033226      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    128964812                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448713                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376154                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002917                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523881280                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162761228                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125683721                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    129340966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102209                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5117056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          328                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100312                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3952386                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2462717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103380                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137786513                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24959279                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9401                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45907                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2542                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          328                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1844183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127334147                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22447383                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           26480415                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19345134                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          4033032                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.443040                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            125712131                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           125683721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        76039704                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       165736406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437297                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100021214                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    112639925                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25152241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18540                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1728824                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261541224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219577607     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16501138      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10570750      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353764      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531761      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080172      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686303      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627559      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3612170      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261541224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100021214                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    112639925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             23809014                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            19842214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17271579                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        98457127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1412428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3612170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          395720843                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         279539893                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               5131311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              21916607                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100021214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           112639925                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100021214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.873493                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.873493                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348009                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348009                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      591832312                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     163777970                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     147231758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        18524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22349526                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20166487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169284                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8395585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7997506                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236544                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51841                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236970438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            140604569                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22349526                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9234050                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27806370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3668597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5787545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13599683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175508                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    273034435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      245228065     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         993460      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2033239      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         850784      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4623960      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        4112032      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         798463      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1665837      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12728595      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    273034435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489212                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      235645592                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7126590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27704989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        87635                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2469624                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1962331                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    164872830                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2469624                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      235885251                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       5164106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1212536                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27569281                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       733632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    164787593                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       312391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       266795                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3707                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    193453504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    776195449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    776195449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171755323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       21698178                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        19139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9661                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1854713                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     38893044                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     19679789                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       955115                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        164469393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       158199758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81205                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12567492                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30090953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273034435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216847116     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16805462      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13811550      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5970052      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7572002      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7334153      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4161362      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327809      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204929      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273034435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400017     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3122083     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90250      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99227014     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381781      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9476      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37943990     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19637497     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    158199758                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550432                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3612350                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593127506                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177060097                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156854533                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    161812108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1477793                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          634                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4022                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116311                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14014                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2469624                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       4748846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164488687                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38893044                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19679789                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9663                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4022                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682610                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       689632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1372242                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157095779                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37816728                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1103979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           57452695                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20583008                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         19635967                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546591                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            156859440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           156854533                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        84705827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       166843572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545751                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507696                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127487588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    149820187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14684657                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19102                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1195133                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270564811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216260411     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19801283      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9291200      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9196078      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2500131      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10699543      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798206      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582877      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435082      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270564811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    127487588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    149820187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             56978727                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            37415249                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              9536                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19784041                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       133226716                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1451178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1435082                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          433634183                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         331479561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               5195272                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              14375782                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         127487588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           149820187                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    127487588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.254417                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.254417                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443574                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443574                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      776680661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     182136309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     196373103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        19072                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       26009013                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21657406                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2364625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10024133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9529487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2796489                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110081                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226455475                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            142751490                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          26009013                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     12325976                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            29751940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6565055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      7836957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        14059533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2260056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    268223275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      238471335     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1824767      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2307515      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3662960      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1529210      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1971071      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2308534      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1051669      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       15096214      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    268223275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090494                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496682                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      225122868                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      9298024                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        29608802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        15450                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4178126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3956256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          777                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    174436908                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3851                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4178126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      225353167                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        731996                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      7923803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        29394313                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       641860                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    173359801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        92356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       448409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    242129303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    806183441                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    806183441                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    202821997                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       39307265                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        42151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22057                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2256974                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     16212193                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8495484                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100651                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1981850                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        169269310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42302                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       162490966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160543                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20361458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41287444                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1774                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268223275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199343604     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31400919     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12900739      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7189119      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9724637      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2999783      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2951561      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1588921      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123992      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268223275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1120328     79.24%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149286     10.56%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144251     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136876030     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2226235      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20093      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14900656      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8467952      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    162490966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565363                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413866                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594779615                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189673969                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158274049                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    163904832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122500                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3013978                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          904                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114543                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           75                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4178126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        555855                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169311618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16212193                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8495484                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22058                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          904                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1405160                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1321709                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2726869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159666635                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14660189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2824330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           23127472                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       22575167                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8467283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555536                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            158274491                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           158274049                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        94841377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       254653887                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372432                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118023435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    145429303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23883015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40528                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2384683                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264045149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202507294     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31180884     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11319165      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5650479      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5154129      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2170526      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2144628      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022614      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2895430      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264045149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    118023435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    145429303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             21579156                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            13198215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             20218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         21073698                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       130934165                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      3000707                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2895430                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          430461218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         342802817                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3430077                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19186942                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         118023435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           145429303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    118023435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.435196                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.435196                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410645                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410645                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      718513413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     221130953                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     161407191                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        40494                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21808670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19466418                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14452246                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14207533                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310914                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52221                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230374616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            123922433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21808670                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     15518447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27617476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5724552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3492471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13941905                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708551                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    265458896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      237841420     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        4200700      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2135955      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        4158475      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1335082      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3840225      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         608042      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         988539      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10350458      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    265458896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075880                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431169                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      228004760                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5914913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27562800                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        22493                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3953926                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2064043                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        20377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138644062                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        38391                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3953926                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      228272756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3488762                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1589916                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27307167                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       846365                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138444081                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       107017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       658320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    181461912                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    627535234                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    627535234                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    147016926                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34444960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        18587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9398                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1922868                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     24953658                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      4066394                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26493                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       925904                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137732707                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18655                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       128929560                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82649                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24977383                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51157504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265458896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208948718     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17799397      6.71%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18887877      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10970069      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679373      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419763      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681146      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39405      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33148      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265458896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215920     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88246     23.39%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73063     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101112164     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013003      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22762977     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032226      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    128929560                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448591                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523777894                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162729095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125644927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129306789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101373                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5119987                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          358                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953926                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2474239                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103905                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137751465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24953658                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066394                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9396                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46154                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2564                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          358                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172552                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672672                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1845224                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127296432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22440954                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 103                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           26472970                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19337733                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          4032016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.442909                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            125673859                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           125644927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        76014634                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       165695496                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437162                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99985287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    112601266                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25155864                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1729595                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261504970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219552794     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16497614      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10567063      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352673      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530758      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081119      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686422      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627868      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3608659      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261504970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     99985287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    112601266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             23799602                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            19833664                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17265494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        98423888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1412124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3608659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          395653064                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         279471331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               5131555                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              21951321                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          99985287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           112601266                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     99985287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.874525                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.874525                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.347884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.347884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      591656239                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     163728933                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     147196467                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287410210                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23252680                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19013820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2271859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9820085                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9198127                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2395501                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101265                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225974210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            131873700                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23252680                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11593628                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            27647369                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6562858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3988558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13890772                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2289991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    261851286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      234203917     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1494159      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2366532      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3762971      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1574135      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1767944      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1857183      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1223587      0.47%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13600858      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    261851286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080904                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.458834                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      223925963                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6052915                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        27561772                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        69987                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4240647                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3814633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          482                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    161071355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3180                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4240647                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      224248480                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1952549                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3139722                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        27315208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       954678                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    160986428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        29617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       276799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       356827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44488                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    223500166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    748880213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    748880213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    191164690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32335476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        41069                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22587                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2879973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15351281                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8251424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249310                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1871901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        160782938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41178                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152328302                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20171691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44602748                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3904                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261851286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197605760     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25789064      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14110826      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9606015      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8984234      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2595093      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2005491      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684230      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470573      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261851286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35475     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109456     38.61%     51.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138585     48.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127612180     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2404795      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18480      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14080420      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8212427      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152328302                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530003                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    566977673                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180997452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149895725                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    152611818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       461698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2735620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          380                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1672                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       232076                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9504                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4240647                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1305646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136944                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160824271                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15351281                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8251424                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22561                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101009                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1672                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1331968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1291025                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2622993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150174033                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13247743                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2154269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 155                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21458194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       21134946                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8210451                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522508                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            149896839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           149895725                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        87638544                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       228920607                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521539                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382834                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112285745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    137631695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23192827                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37274                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2320132                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257610639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201733057     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27060166     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10539046      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5674126      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4254064      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2371807      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1461964      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1307288      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209121      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257610639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112285745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    137631695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20635009                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12615661                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19756014                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124016401                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2795640                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3209121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          415225286                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         325889925                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3644737                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              25558924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112285745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           137631695                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112285745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.559632                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.559632                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390681                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390681                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      677242655                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     207789912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     150231498                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22313659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20133567                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1175699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9708802                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8004132                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52261                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236915026                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            140387108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22313659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9240195                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27778347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3671956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5742395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13602430                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1182194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    272902454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      245124107     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         996981      0.37%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2030167      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         852975      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4621370      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        4112073      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         808352      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1658299      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12698130      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    272902454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.488456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      235594926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7076605                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27677284                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        87396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2466238                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1959111                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    164630686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2466238                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      235831511                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       5119330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1210077                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27543885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       731408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    164545579                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       311466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       264129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7805                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    193178644                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    775075803                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    775075803                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171517795                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       21660843                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        19116                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9652                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1840576                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     38853436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     19658258                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179344                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       952958                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        164228382                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       158026294                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80850                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12503704                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29748784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272902454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216740860     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16828271      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13807554      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5957862      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7556424      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7322819      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4155633      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328508      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204523      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272902454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400170     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3118053     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90403      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99123245     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1377746      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9462      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37901861     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19613980     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    158026294                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.549828                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3608626                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592644518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176755304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156679772                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    161634920                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285458                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1488221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4051                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       121016                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13995                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2466238                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       4704122                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       205859                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164247656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38853436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19658258                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9653                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       140045                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          142                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4051                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       692045                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       686213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1378258                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    156919903                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37773474                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1106391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           57385450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20558104                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         19611976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.545979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            156684608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           156679772                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        84612993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       166657393                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545143                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507706                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127313024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    149614735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14648400                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19074                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1201880                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270436216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216196679     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19779834      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9286800      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9177521      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499129      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10686266      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798731      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581542      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1429714      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270436216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    127313024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    149614735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             56902449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            37365212                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              9522                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         19756823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       133043947                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1449118                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1429714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          433269247                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         330992765                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               5199733                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              14507763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         127313024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           149614735                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    127313024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.257508                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.257508                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.442966                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.442966                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      775841744                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     181935549                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     196091533                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        19044                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       26024560                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21669764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2365916                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10012980                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9536368                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2797190                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110359                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226554822                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            142822012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          26024560                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12333558                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            29766920                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6572513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      7864195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        14066435                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2261232                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    268371012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      238604092     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1826321      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2307951      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3662854      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1532395      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1972848      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2307527      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1053422      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       15103602      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    268371012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496927                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      225222620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9324995                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        29623623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        15493                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4184276                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3959317                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          799                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    174525755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3850                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4184276                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      225452749                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        733726                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      7949279                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        29409224                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       641748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    173449819                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        92413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       447712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    242247840                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    806590521                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    806590521                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    202888096                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       39359681                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        42087                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2254400                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     16219555                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8500796                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100344                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1977931                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        169357092                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       162559600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159551                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20398150                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41363964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1696                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268371012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199467458     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31408225     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12904572      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7192807      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9729829      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3001896      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2952644      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1589498      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124083      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268371012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119907     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149289     10.56%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144371     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136935048     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2227405      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20099      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14903560      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8473488      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    162559600                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565601                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413568                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595063331                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189798367                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158340446                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    163973168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121554                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3017016                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           77                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          897                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117113                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           54                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4184276                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        557293                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70311                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169399332                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16219555                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8500796                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21988                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          897                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1404718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1324111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2728829                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159731342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14663704                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2828258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           23136468                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       22584713                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8472764                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            158340917                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           158340446                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        94879189                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       254741695                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550921                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372453                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118061896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    145476753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23923207                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40540                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2385966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264186736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202631361     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31189548     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11320669      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5651614      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5155915      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2172862      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2145708      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023665      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2895394      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264186736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    118061896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    145476753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21586195                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            13202524                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             20224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         21080587                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       130976899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      3001699                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2895394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          430690483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         342984310                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3432195                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19039205                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         118061896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           145476753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    118061896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.434403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.434403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      718800312                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     221221000                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     161487354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        40506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       21809768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19466997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740886                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14503524                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14210462                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311090                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52216                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230400928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            123917831                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          21809768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     15521552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27619679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5723676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3476792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13943508                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    265470470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      237850791     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        4203145      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2135164      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        4158349      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1335790      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3841882      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         608745      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         987309      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10349295      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    265470470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075884                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431153                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      228023406                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5906810                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27565317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        22287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3952646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      2064656                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        20368                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    138642826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        38245                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3952646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      228292446                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3481621                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1588276                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27308631                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       846846                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    138441214                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       106543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       659267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    181460213                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    627519651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    627519651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    147027711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34432479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        18578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9390                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1919341                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     24948499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      4066588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       927348                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        137729576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18644                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       128932280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82404                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24963730                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51120351                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265470470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208954802     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17802239      6.71%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18890927      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10972660      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677783      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419186      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680246      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39347      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33280      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265470470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215634     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88231     23.42%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72876     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101117808     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012859      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22760260     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032163      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    128932280                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.448600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376741                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523794175                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162712287                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125648295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    129309021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101544                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5112099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          345                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100645                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3952646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2461325                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137748325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24948499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9386                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2533                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          345                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173983                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671802                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1845785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127297449                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22438131                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1634831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           26470082                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19339512                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          4031951                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.442912                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            125676946                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           125648295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        76016343                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       165696365                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99994417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    112610396                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25143568                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1730034                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261517824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219563774     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16499924      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10567503      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351318      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530096      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080207      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686039      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627845      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611118      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261517824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99994417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    112610396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             23802337                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            19836394                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17267002                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        98431516                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1412127                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3611118                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          395660293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         279463723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               5130283                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              21939747                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99994417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           112610396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99994417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.874263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.874263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.347915                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.347915                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      591657509                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     163735124                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     147191249                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21812203                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470319                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1738275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14469738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14212435                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310236                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52228                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230362502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            123933729                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21812203                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     15522671                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27621762                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5718586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3500504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13940191                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1706273                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    265455345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      237833583     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        4206408      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2134304      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        4159781      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1332546      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3841440      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         607936      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         987956      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10351391      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    265455345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075892                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      227993207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5922653                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27566963                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        22380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3950138                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2064086                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        20383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    138648018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        38441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3950138                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      228261393                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3493561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1592479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27310348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       847422                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    138445565                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       107523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       658910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    181467039                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    627518994                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    627518994                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    147043099                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34423937                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        18605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9415                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1926092                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     24951937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      4065772                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26425                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       927203                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        137733641                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       128934942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82278                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24957314                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51110784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265455345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208938575     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17797756      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18898082      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10972785      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5675931      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420334      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679162      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39459      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33261      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265455345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215340     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88165     23.42%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72933     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101115963     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012935      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9191      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22764858     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031995      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    128934942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448609                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376438                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523783945                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162709952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125655965                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    129311380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102042                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5111985                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          336                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99761                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3950138                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2477163                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103808                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137752411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24951937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4065772                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9409                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2611                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          336                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171133                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1842263                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127305131                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22443952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1629811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           26475730                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19341825                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          4031778                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442939                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            125684401                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           125655965                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        76024993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       165677923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437201                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100007014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    112623116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25134953                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18540                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1727422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261505207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219546484     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500848      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10568898      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352496      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530742      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080656      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686104      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627720      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611259      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261505207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100007014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    112623116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             23805963                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            19839952                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17269043                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        98442229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1412144                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3611259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          395651640                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         279469416                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               5130557                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              21954872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100007014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           112623116                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100007014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.873901                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.873901                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.347959                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.347959                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      591698452                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163742271                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     147212788                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        18524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       22334918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20152478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1167868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8464132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7991659                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236857253                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            140530430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          22334918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9228086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            27790500                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3664487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5772367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13592778                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1174030                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    272887535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      245097035     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         991693      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2032123      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         850712      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4620033      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        4110506      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         798550      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1665375      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12721508      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    272887535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488954                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      235530324                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7113430                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        27689955                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        86866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2466955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1961904                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    164786089                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2480                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2466955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      235769569                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       5157751                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1208106                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27553995                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       731154                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    164701597                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       310341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       266535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3864                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    193349008                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    775794876                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    775794876                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    171670864                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       21678144                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        19118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9644                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1851555                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     38874836                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     19672086                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       953744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        164388410                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19179                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       158119822                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81493                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12565522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30094259                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           85                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272887535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216733135     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16793384      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13804889      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5964709      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7567256      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7329960      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160918      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328071      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205213      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272887535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400352     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3121035     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90245      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99172442     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381234      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9471      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37927448     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19629227     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    158119822                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550154                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3611632                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592820304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176977130                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156776609                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    161731454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       283999                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1476159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          642                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4024                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117349                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14007                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2466955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4743689                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164407675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1643                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38874836                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19672086                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9647                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142326                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           91                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4024                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       681590                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       688756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1370346                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157017525                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37798780                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1102297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           57426446                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20572240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         19627666                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546319                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            156781384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           156776609                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        84659041                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       166743515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545480                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507720                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127426816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    149748342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14675305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19094                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1193680                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270420580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216141565     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19791246      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9287058      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9192609      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2498806      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10695613      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       797809      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581982      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1433892      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270420580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    127426816                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    149748342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             56953414                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            37398677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              9532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19774410                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       133162763                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1450387                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1433892                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          433409945                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         331314513                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               5192559                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              14522682                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         127426816                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           149748342                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    127426816                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.255492                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.255492                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      776295918                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     182042800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     196273709                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        19064                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21808858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19465822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741550                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14497818                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14210533                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52102                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230401252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            123914665                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21808858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     15520997                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27619619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5726723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3481252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13944216                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709523                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    265477523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      237857904     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        4204230      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2135346      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        4157353      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1336746      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3840839      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         608121      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         988102      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10348882      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    265477523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075881                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      228035719                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5899395                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27565419                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        21988                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3954998                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2065068                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        20372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138637618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        38440                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3954998                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      228303481                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3478545                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1587874                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27309207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       843414                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138436691                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       106315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       656193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    181454395                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    627493683                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    627493683                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    147008376                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34445995                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        18601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1913693                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     24945749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      4066149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26302                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       925422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137724930                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128923582                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82300                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24976033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51137724                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265477523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208964373     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17803998      6.71%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18888492      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10970016      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678013      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421502      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1678293      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39456      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33380      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265477523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215413     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88040     23.39%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72924     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101112984     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012575      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22757294     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031539      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128923582                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448570                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376377                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523783364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162719968                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125639007                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129299959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5113668                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100364                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3954998                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2465440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103533                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137743701                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24945749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9407                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45880                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2581                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174623                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671358                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1845981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127288442                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22434638                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1635140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           26465987                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19337446                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          4031349                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.442881                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125667561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125639007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        76008887                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       165683539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.437142                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99978875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    112594373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25154960                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1730714                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261522525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219571585     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500351      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10565741      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3350064      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530496      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081570      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685602      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628026      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3609090      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261522525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99978875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    112594373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             23797863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            19832078                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17264392                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        98417956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1412059                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3609090                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          395662391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         279456849                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               5131157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              21932694                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99978875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           112594373                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99978875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.874709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.874709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.347861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.347861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      591609074                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163724067                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     147183817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23709474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19400662                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2310042                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9792608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9333360                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105287                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228105803                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            132592386                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23709474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11780056                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27677166                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6312227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5431417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13953694                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2312482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    265186511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      237509345     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1293062      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2048786      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2772244      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2856493      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2415549      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1357495      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2003837      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12929700      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    265186511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082493                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461335                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      225786240                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7770684                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        27627126                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        30741                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3971719                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3902409                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    162697811                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3971719                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      226408241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1599915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4749592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27043450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1413591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    162639611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       193574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       615986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    226917199                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    756657746                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    756657746                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    196713959                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       30203232                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        40147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20811                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         4204717                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15220764                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8249858                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97097                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1924610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        162436779                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40288                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       154225331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18009638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43167742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1294                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265186511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199960243     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26792329     10.10%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13574643      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10271428      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8072680      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3264977      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2039928      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1068005      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       142278      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265186511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28932     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95610     37.11%     48.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       133110     51.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129707178     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2305774      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19334      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13969025      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8224020      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    154225331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536604                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            257652                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573915856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180487322                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151926857                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    154482983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316576                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2442024                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          169                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          620                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       120740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3971719                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1279659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162477228                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15220764                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8249858                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20813                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115880                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          620                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1341422                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1301545                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2642967                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152112575                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13147051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2112756                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 161                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21370763                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       21613890                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8223712                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529252                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            151927122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           151926857                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        87215699                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       235035000                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528606                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371075                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114672184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    141102020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21375238                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38994                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2339328                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261214792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203365461     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28660316     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10836203      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5164351      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4344361      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2492740      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2194160      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987459      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3169741      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261214792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    114672184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    141102020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20907854                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12778736                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             19454                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         20347406                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       127130812                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2905541                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3169741                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          420521529                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         328926300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3452719                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              22223706                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         114672184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           141102020                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    114672184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.506364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.506364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      684612176                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     211623983                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     150824141                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        38960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       26027900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21667803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2366151                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10007891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9532101                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2797665                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226515189                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            142833882                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          26027900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     12329766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            29762702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6575810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7855880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        14066151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2261699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    268321937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      238559235     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1826730      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2296102      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3663273      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1532458      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1974841      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        2306965      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1058115      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       15104218      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    268321937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.496969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      225184820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9314798                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        29619563                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        15392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      4187359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3964759                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          807                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    174549383                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3909                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      4187359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      225414608                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        732437                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      7940820                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        29405394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       641309                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    173475361                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        92395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       447625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    242247921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    806678657                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    806678657                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    202845022                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       39402894                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        42082                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2252082                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     16224514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      8505895                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       101233                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1983268                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        169384549                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42235                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       162578315                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162683                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20422095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41429696                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1703                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268321937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199419823     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31401918     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12904176      4.81%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7193738      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9728114      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3007552      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2953643      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1589027      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123946      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268321937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119905     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150249     10.62%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144295     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136945790     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2226472      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20095      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14907061      9.17%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8478897      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    162578315                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.565666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1414450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008700                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595055700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189849783                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158352367                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    163992765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122528                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3024810                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          908                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124016                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           47                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      4187359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        555148                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70304                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169426788                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16224514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8505895                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21987                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61277                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          908                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1402285                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1327300                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2729585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159747869                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14664759                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2830446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23142963                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       22586843                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          8478204                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.555818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            158352819                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           158352367                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        94867495                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       254734182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.550963                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118036844                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    145445819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23981648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2386140                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264134578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202594483     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31181427     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11318678      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5649138      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5155026      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2171446      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2145146      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022460      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2896774      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264134578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    118036844                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    145445819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21581580                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            13199701                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             20220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         21076107                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       130949008                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      3001042                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2896774                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          430664452                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         343042332                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3431203                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19088280                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         118036844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           145445819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    118036844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.434920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.434920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.410691                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.410691                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      718853008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     221217290                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     161501737                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        40498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287410217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23351843                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19149188                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2286416                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9640343                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9125748                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2397656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102938                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222953599                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            132744097                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23351843                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11523404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            29200859                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6490346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      7465443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13732247                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2268960                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    263788517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      234587658     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3168391      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3665738      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2012147      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2311775      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1273338      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         871262      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2260469      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13637739      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    263788517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081249                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461863                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      221144811                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      9308252                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        28956051                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       232057                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4147342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3791162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        21276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    162043778                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts       105191                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4147342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      221498906                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3235708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      5081407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        28848543                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       976607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    161946696                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       249201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       455727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    225091897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    754060323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    754060323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    192290336                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       32801543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        42283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23522                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2604830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15445575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8422724                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221719                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1865888                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        161713392                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       152864032                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       210503                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20149804                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46529745                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4604                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263788517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199382187     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25904030      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13918977      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9636016      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8420821      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4307785      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1043867      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       670083      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504751      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263788517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39608     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       140437     42.81%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147983     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127959873     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2391773      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18726      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14129813      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8363847      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    152864032                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531867                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            328028                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570055111                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181907021                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150329055                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    153192060                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       384710                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2705530                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          938                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1459                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       180792                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9366                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4147342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2677917                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       165102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161755891                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15445575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8422724                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23508                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116751                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1459                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1327713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1280597                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2608310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150609096                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13268159                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2254935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21630153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       21075951                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8361994                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524021                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            150331298                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           150329055                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        89342509                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       234011471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523047                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381787                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112917487                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    138535808                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23221303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37765                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2299519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259641175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203052775     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26239378     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10997840      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6608997      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4573162      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2958642      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1530570      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234007      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2445804      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259641175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    112917487                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    138535808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20981974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12740042                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         19828109                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       124894260                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2818513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2445804                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          418951728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         327661657                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3412164                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              23621700                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         112917487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           138535808                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    112917487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.545312                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.545312                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392879                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392879                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      679392877                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     208647100                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     151235838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        37730                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         363401                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.991530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2481625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         396163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.264151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           256.354598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.657808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1603.104911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.823197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1290.278770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.614117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1625.931161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.375659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2644.502246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.785800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1019.939444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.401002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1592.791320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.585425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2317.941717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.626801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2623.110032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.680784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1010.246117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.214098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1603.242738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.470996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1612.358062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.626785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2648.326591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.574019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1615.006889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.911898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1248.606739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.108658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1014.028702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.507062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1727.018928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           311.929790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           259.720152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           322.523413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           431.865489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           257.873252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           318.987010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           373.434305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           436.289439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           291.646029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           314.714836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           304.226894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           399.347022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           314.387914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           312.010863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           275.767022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           342.515030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.048923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.039376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.049619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.080704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.031126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.048608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.070738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.080051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.030830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.048927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.049205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.080821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.049286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.038104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.030946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.052704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.007926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.013179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.007870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.008900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.012187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.009594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.008416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        30323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        56757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        56503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        56126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  650676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           177203                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                177203                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          244                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        30494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        56845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        56587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        56207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        29226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   652810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        30494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40807                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        56845                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40571                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        56587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29411                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40604                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        56207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40651                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        29226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  652810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                363199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  89                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 363288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21685                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12733                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21768                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22519                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                363288                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5845303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3599626457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6734281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2701384778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5744671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3583817337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6330811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5922396130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6240103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2138093474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5891378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3620043352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6217613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5447732603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6367034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5944205007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6384088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2054908195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5622148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3607888459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5499448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3639830762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6052508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6017803441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5423365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3603576172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7194834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2634399591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6699797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2076182935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6454921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3793470654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60484061650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       502730                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       347240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       284340                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2866448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       982855                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3055081                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       818032                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       796020                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1317556                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3046633                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       453085                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      14470020                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5845303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3600129187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6734281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2701384778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5744671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3584164577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6330811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5922680470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6240103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2140959922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5891378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3620043352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6217613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5447732603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6367034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5945187862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6384088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2057963276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5622148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3608706491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5499448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3640626782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6052508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6019120997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5423365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3603576172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7194834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2634399591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6699797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2079229568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6454921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3793923739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      60498531670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5845303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3600129187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6734281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2701384778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5744671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3584164577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6330811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5922680470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6240103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2140959922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5891378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3620043352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6217613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5447732603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6367034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5945187862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6384088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2057963276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5622148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3608706491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5499448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3640626782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6052508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6019120997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5423365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3603576172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7194834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2634399591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6699797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2079229568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6454921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3793923739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     60498531670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        46545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        92429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        92332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        92413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        46565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        63088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1013875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       177203                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            177203                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        46716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        92519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        92422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        92503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        46733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        63265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1016098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        46716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        92519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        92422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        92503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        46733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        63265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1016098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.307356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.388045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.298919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.358229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.035294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.023810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.069498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.068702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.061728                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.058140                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.068702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.040036                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.305876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.387732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.357532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.305876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.387732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.357532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167008.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 166019.115257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164250.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166526.000370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159574.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165902.107999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162328.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166023.663658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156002.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 168155.208337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163649.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165775.672116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163621.394737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167699.941604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167553.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165904.853806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159602.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167939.538656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160632.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165780.841750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157127.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165906.867314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159276.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165839.100532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154953.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165948.706977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171305.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167412.277008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167494.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 168016.746379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169866.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 168478.888524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166531.465257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 167576.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       173620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       142170                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 159247.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163809.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 169726.722222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163606.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       159204                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 146395.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 169257.388889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151028.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162584.494382                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167008.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 166019.330736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164250.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166526.000370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159574.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165902.822487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162328.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166022.326344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156002.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 168142.615409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163649.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165775.672116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163621.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167699.941604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167553.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165904.502916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159602.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167942.163865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160632.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165780.342291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157127.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165905.340047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159276.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165834.279177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154953.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165948.706977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171305.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167412.277008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167494.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 168018.550949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169866.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 168476.563746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166530.498310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167008.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 166019.330736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164250.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166526.000370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159574.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165902.822487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162328.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166022.326344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156002.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 168142.615409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163649.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165775.672116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163621.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167699.941604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167553.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165904.502916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159602.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167942.163865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160632.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165780.342291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157127.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165905.340047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159276.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165834.279177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154953.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165948.706977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171305.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167412.277008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167494.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 168018.550949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169866.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 168476.563746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166530.498310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                82882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     82882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           363199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             89                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            363288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        22519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           363288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3811374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2336680014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4347640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1756729173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3655142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2325578035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4063702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3845895101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3916975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1397711099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3801839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2348186803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4005044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3556141270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4157304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3858680549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4057484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1342490944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3587300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2340125368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3466507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2361938576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3840649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3905450994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3388431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2338652966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4751210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1718056180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4374213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1356763153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4242606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2482237895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39334785540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       327428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       231479                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       167458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1819083                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       632502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2006241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       526459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       503902                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       793915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1998864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       278139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9285470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3811374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2337007442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4347640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1756729173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3655142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2325809514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4063702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3846062559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3916975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1399530182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3801839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2348186803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4005044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3556141270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4157304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3859313051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4057484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1344497185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3587300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2340651827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3466507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2362442478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3840649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3906244909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3388431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2338652966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4751210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1718056180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4374213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1358762017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4242606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2482516034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39344071010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3811374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2337007442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4347640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1756729173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3655142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2325809514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4063702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3846062559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3916975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1399530182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3801839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2348186803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4005044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3556141270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4157304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3859313051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4057484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1344497185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3587300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2340651827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3466507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2362442478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3840649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3906244909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3388431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2338652966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4751210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1718056180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4374213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1358762017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4242606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2482516034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39344071010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.307356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.388045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.298919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.035294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.023810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.069498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.068702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.061728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.058140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.068702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.305876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.387732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.357532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.305876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.387732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.392376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.357532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 108896.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107770.501522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       106040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108293.007829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101531.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107655.681650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104197.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107812.713080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97924.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109926.158002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105606.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107532.481705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105395.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109470.256118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 109402.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107697.132183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101437.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109716.487741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 102494.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107527.701512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99043.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107659.354392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101069.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107626.725659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96812.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107697.580751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 113124.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109179.980935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 109355.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109797.131423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 111647.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110243.288994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108300.919166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109142.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115739.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        83729                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101060.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       105417                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111457.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105291.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100780.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 88212.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       111048                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        92713                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104331.123596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 108896.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107770.691353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       106040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108293.007829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101531.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107656.430013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104197.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107811.362869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97924.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109913.624598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105606.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107532.481705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105395.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109470.256118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 109402.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107696.750412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101437.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109719.045618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 102494.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107527.187936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99043.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107657.787003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101069.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107621.911753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96812.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107697.580751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 113124.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109179.980935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 109355.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109798.950869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 111647.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110240.953595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108299.946626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 108896.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107770.691353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       106040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108293.007829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101531.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107656.430013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104197.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107811.362869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97924.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109913.624598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105606.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107532.481705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105395.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109470.256118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 109402.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107696.750412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101437.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109719.045618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 102494.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107527.187936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99043.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107657.787003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101069.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107621.911753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96812.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107697.580751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 113124.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109179.980935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 109355.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109798.950869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 111647.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110240.953595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108299.946626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              560.016868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013974434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801020.309059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.911271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.105597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13942165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13942165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13942165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13942165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13942165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13942165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7497934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7497934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7497934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7497934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7497934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7497934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13942211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13942211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13942211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13942211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13942211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13942211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162998.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162998.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162998.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162998.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162998.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162998.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6434963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6434963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6434963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6434963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6434963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6434963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178748.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178748.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178748.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178748.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178748.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178748.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243202564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3878.457628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   200.053668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    55.946332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.781460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.218540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20493173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20493173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24439977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24439977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       216962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       216962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24953978847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24953978847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     36900293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36900293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24990879140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24990879140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24990879140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24990879140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20709716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20709716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24656939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24656939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24656939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24656939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115237.984359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115237.984359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88067.525060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88067.525060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115185.512394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115185.512394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115185.512394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115185.512394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6564140913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6564140913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6135318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6135318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6570276231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6570276231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6570276231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6570276231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105253.602389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105253.602389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 72180.211765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72180.211765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105208.586565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105208.586565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105208.586565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105208.586565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              516.934196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1087084395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2098618.523166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    41.934196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.067202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13948858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13948858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13948858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13948858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13948858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13948858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8998165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8998165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8998165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8998165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8998165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8998165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13948913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13948913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13948913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13948913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13948913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13948913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       163603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       163603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       163603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       163603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       163603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       163603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7410260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7410260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7410260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7410260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7410260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7410260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172331.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172331.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172331.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172331.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172331.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172331.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                46716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              179929902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                46972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3830.577834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.497448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.502552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9610388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9610388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8088517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8088517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17698905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17698905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17698905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17698905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       149659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       150657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       150657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       150657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       150657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18701620793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18701620793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     85674919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85674919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18787295712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18787295712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18787295712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18787295712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9760047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9760047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8089515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8089515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17849562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17849562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17849562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17849562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124961.551213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124961.551213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85846.612224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85846.612224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124702.441387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124702.441387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124702.441387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124702.441387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       103114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       103941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       103941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        46545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        46716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        46716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4900619172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4900619172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11379402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11379402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4911998574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4911998574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4911998574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4911998574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105287.768224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105287.768224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66546.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66546.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105145.958002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105145.958002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105145.958002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105145.958002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              560.090369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1013975993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1797829.774823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.650390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   524.439980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.057132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.840449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13943724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13943724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13943724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13943724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13943724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13943724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7577845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7577845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7577845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7577845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7577845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7577845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13943768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13943768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13943768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13943768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13943768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13943768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172223.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172223.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172223.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172223.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172223.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172223.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6437948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6437948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6437948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6437948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6437948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6437948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173998.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173998.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173998.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173998.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173998.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173998.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                62411                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              243207359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                62667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3880.947851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.513093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.486907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.783254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.216746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20497099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20497099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3947660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     24444759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       24444759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     24444759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      24444759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       216247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       216659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       216659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       216659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       216659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24852494967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24852494967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37659360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37659360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24890154327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24890154327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24890154327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24890154327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20713346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20713346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3948072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     24661418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24661418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     24661418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24661418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114926.426572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114926.426572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91406.213592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91406.213592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114881.700400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114881.700400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114881.700400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114881.700400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       153920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       154248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       154248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6547723470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6547723470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5877679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5877679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6553601149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6553601149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6553601149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6553601149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105054.366005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105054.366005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69972.369048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69972.369048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105007.148564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105007.148564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105007.148564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105007.148564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              578.926422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1121126950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1923030.789022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.753502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   540.172920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.062105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.865662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13599632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13599632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13599632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13599632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13599632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13599632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8965995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8965995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8965995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8965995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8965995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8965995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13599683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13599683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13599683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13599683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13599683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13599683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175803.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175803.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175803.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175803.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175803.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175803.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7295969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7295969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7295969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7295969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7295969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7295969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 182399.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182399.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 182399.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182399.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 182399.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182399.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                92519                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              490453470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                92775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5286.483104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.916675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.083325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     35685147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35685147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19543836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19543836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     55228983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       55228983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     55228983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      55228983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       327829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       328116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       328116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       328116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       328116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  39639369549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39639369549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25659686                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25659686                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  39665029235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39665029235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  39665029235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39665029235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     36012976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36012976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19544123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19544123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     55557099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55557099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     55557099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55557099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120914.774315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120914.774315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89406.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89406.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120887.214385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120887.214385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120887.214385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120887.214385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10263696618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10263696618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6548066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6548066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10270244684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10270244684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10270244684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10270244684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111044.116219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111044.116219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72756.288889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72756.288889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111006.870848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111006.870848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111006.870848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111006.870848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              494.527021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1090183491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2189123.475904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.527021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.063345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14059477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14059477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14059477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       14059477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14059477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      14059477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9089711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9089711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9089711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9089711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9089711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9089711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14059533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14059533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14059533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     14059533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14059533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     14059533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162316.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162316.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162316.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162316.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162316.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162316.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7062432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7062432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7062432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7062432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7062432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7062432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164242.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164242.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164242.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164242.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164242.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164242.604651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                41628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              177958908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4248.851781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.463039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.536961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     11228401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11228401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8337211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8337211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        21732                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21732                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19565612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       19565612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19565612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      19565612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       106815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       109368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       109368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       109368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       109368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11666160225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11666160225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    184188544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    184188544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11850348769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11850348769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11850348769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11850348769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     11335216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11335216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8339764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8339764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        21732                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21732                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19674980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19674980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19674980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19674980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000306                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109218.370313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109218.370313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72145.924011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72145.924011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108352.980479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108352.980479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108352.980479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108352.980479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       302851                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 60570.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        65446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4185209390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4185209390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     21071246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21071246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4206280636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4206280636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4206280636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4206280636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101167.767894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101167.767894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81356.162162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81356.162162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101044.504564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101044.504564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101044.504564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101044.504564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.840047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013974128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1797826.468085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.610437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   524.229610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.057068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.840112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13941859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13941859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13941859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13941859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13941859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13941859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7794248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7794248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7794248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7794248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7794248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7794248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13941905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13941905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13941905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13941905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13941905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13941905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169440.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169440.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169440.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169440.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169440.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169440.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6617085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6617085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6617085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6617085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6617085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6617085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178840.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178840.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178840.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178840.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178840.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178840.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                62408                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              243200465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                62664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3881.023634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   200.512609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    55.487391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.783252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.216748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20491063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20491063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3946812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24437875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       24437875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24437875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      24437875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       216607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       217010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       217010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       217010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       217010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24962834003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24962834003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     35926411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35926411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24998760414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24998760414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24998760414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24998760414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20707670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20707670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3947215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24654885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24654885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24654885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24654885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115244.816663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115244.816663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 89147.421836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89147.421836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115196.352306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115196.352306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115196.352306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115196.352306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       154282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       154602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       154602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6570387319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6570387319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5620877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5620877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6576008196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6576008196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6576008196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6576008196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105421.376959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105421.376959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67721.409639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67721.409639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105371.237598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105371.237598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105371.237598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105371.237598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.076274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1093077198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2066308.502836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.076274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13890721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13890721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13890721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13890721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13890721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13890721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8495290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8495290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8495290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8495290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8495290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8495290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13890772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13890772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13890772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13890772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13890772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13890772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166574.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166574.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166574.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166574.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166574.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166574.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6718914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6718914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6718914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6718914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6718914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6718914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 172279.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172279.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 172279.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172279.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 172279.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172279.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                82010                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              194772558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                82266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2367.594851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.382379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.617621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9631115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9631115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7980803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7980803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22354                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22354                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18620                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18620                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17611918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17611918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17611918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17611918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       208752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       209674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       209674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       209674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       209674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25732208522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25732208522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78409326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78409326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25810617848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25810617848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25810617848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25810617848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9839867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9839867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7981725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7981725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        22354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18620                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18620                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17821592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17821592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17821592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17821592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123266.883776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123266.883776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85042.652928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85042.652928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123098.800271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123098.800271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123098.800271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123098.800271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           10125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       126894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        81858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9100216237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9100216237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10038488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10038488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9110254725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9110254725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9110254725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9110254725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111170.762015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111170.762015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66042.684211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66042.684211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111087.120168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111087.120168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111087.120168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111087.120168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              578.993451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1121129693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1926339.678694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.968243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.025208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.060847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13602375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13602375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13602375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13602375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13602375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13602375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9562563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9562563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9562563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9562563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9562563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9562563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13602430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13602430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13602430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13602430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13602430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13602430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173864.781818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173864.781818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173864.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173864.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173864.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173864.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7353241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7353241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7353241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7353241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7353241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7353241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 188544.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188544.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 188544.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188544.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 188544.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188544.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                92422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              490388493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                92678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5291.315015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.916378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.083622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     35646420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35646420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19517610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19517610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     55164030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       55164030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     55164030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      55164030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       325731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       326031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       326031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       326031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       326031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  39501148811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39501148811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28790414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28790414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  39529939225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39529939225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  39529939225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39529939225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     35972151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35972151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19517910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19517910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9535                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9535                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     55490061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55490061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     55490061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55490061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121269.233849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121269.233849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95968.046667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95968.046667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121245.952762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121245.952762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121245.952762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121245.952762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       233399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       233399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       233609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       233609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       233609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       233609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10265796092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10265796092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7075480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7075480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10272871572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10272871572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10272871572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10272871572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111183.512672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111183.512672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 78616.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78616.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111151.799052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111151.799052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111151.799052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111151.799052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              494.528570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1090190394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2189137.337349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    39.528570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.063347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14066380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14066380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14066380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       14066380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14066380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      14066380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9185795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9185795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9185795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9185795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9185795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9185795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14066435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14066435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14066435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     14066435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14066435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     14066435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167014.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167014.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167014.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167014.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167014.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167014.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7301905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7301905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7301905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7301905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7301905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7301905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169811.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169811.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169811.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169811.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169811.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169811.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                41664                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              177964901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4245.345921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.465233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.534767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     11231800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11231800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8339868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8339868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19571668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       19571668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19571668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      19571668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       106863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       109477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       109477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       109477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       109477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11521825490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11521825490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    191217805                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    191217805                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11713043295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11713043295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11713043295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11713043295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     11338663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11338663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8342482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8342482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19681145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19681145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19681145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19681145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000313                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107818.660247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107818.660247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 73151.417368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73151.417368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106990.904893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106990.904893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106990.904893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106990.904893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       340764                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 68152.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        65460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67812                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67812                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4129731293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4129731293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21844771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21844771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4151576064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4151576064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4151576064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4151576064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99744.735720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99744.735720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83376.988550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83376.988550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99641.811208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99641.811208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99641.811208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99641.811208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.844021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1013975733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1801022.616341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.738379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.105642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13943464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13943464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13943464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13943464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13943464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13943464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7276925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7276925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7276925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7276925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7276925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7276925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13943508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13943508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13943508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13943508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13943508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13943508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165384.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165384.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165384.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165384.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165384.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165384.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6196338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6196338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6196338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6196338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6196338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6196338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172120.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172120.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172120.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172120.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172120.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172120.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                62372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              243197982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                62628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3883.214888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   199.606941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    56.393059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.779715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.220285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20488569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20488569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3946834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     24435403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       24435403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     24435403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      24435403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       216326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          387                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          387                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       216713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       216713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       216713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       216713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24873896126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24873896126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38259187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38259187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24912155313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24912155313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24912155313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24912155313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20704895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20704895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3947221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     24652116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24652116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     24652116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24652116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114983.386768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114983.386768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98860.948320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98860.948320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114954.595770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114954.595770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114954.595770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114954.595770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       154035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       154341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       154341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6563861409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6563861409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6164183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6164183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6570025592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6570025592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6570025592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6570025592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105374.153714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105374.153714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76101.024691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76101.024691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105336.137882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105336.137882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105336.137882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105336.137882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.662499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1013972415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1801016.722913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.556773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.105725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.055379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13940146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13940146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13940146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13940146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13940146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13940146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7184748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7184748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7184748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7184748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7184748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7184748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13940191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13940191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13940191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13940191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13940191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13940191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159661.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159661.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159661.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159661.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159661.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159661.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6016025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6016025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6016025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6016025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6016025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6016025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167111.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167111.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167111.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167111.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167111.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167111.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                62399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              243203197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                62655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3881.624723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   199.415657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    56.584343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.778967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.221033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20493743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20493743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3946857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24440600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       24440600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24440600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      24440600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       216670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          428                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          428                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       217098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       217098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       217098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       217098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  24980074565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24980074565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40887227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40887227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25020961792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25020961792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25020961792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25020961792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20710413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20710413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3947285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24657698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24657698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24657698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24657698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115290.878133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115290.878133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95530.904206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95530.904206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115251.922137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115251.922137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115251.922137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115251.922137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6585287397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6585287397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6323692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6323692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6591611089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6591611089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6591611089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6591611089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105680.795292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105680.795292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73531.302326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73531.302326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105636.485985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105636.485985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105636.485985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105636.485985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              579.095121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1121120046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1926323.103093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.069892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.025230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13592728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13592728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13592728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13592728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13592728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13592728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8677665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8677665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8677665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8677665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8677665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8677665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13592778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13592778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13592778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13592778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13592778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13592778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173553.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173553.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173553.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173553.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173553.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173553.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7079054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7079054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7079054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7079054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7079054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7079054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181514.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181514.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181514.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181514.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181514.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181514.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                92503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              490429893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                92759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5287.140795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.916525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.083475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     35670323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35670323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19535091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19535091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     55205414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       55205414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     55205414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      55205414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       327239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       327539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       327539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       327539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       327539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39741301646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39741301646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28298890                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28298890                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39769600536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39769600536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39769600536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39769600536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     35997562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35997562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19535391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19535391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     55532953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55532953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     55532953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55532953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121444.270536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121444.270536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94329.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94329.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121419.435658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121419.435658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121419.435658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121419.435658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           17963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       234826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       235036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       235036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        92503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10318331347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10318331347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7106971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7106971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10325438318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10325438318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10325438318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10325438318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111654.543701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111654.543701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78966.344444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78966.344444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111622.739998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111622.739998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111622.739998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111622.739998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.525053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013976441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1801023.873890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.419435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.105618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.055159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13944172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13944172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13944172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13944172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13944172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7351455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7351455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7351455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7351455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7351455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7351455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13944216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13944216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13944216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167078.522727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167078.522727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167078.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167078.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167078.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167078.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6160634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6160634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6160634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171128.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171128.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171128.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171128.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171128.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171128.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              243195893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                62622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3883.553591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   199.737747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    56.262253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.780226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.219774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20486628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20486628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3946668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24433296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       24433296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24433296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      24433296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       216177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       216571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       216571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       216571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       216571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24865193240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24865193240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33758823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33758823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24898952063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24898952063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24898952063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24898952063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20702805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20702805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3947062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24649867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24649867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24649867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24649867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115022.380919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115022.380919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85682.291878                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85682.291878                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114969.003528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114969.003528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114969.003528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114969.003528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       153894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       154205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       154205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6557716431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6557716431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5657258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5657258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6563373689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6563373689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6563373689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6563373689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105289.026396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105289.026396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68159.734940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68159.734940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105239.612754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105239.612754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105239.612754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105239.612754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.323676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1087089177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2094584.156069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    42.323676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13953640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13953640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13953640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13953640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13953640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13953640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9782115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9782115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9782115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9782115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9782115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9782115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13953694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13953694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13953694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13953694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13953694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13953694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181150.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181150.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181150.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181150.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181150.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181150.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7929718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7929718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7929718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7929718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7929718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7929718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 180220.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180220.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 180220.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180220.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 180220.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180220.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                46733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              179933017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                46989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3829.258273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.498161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.501839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9611243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9611243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8090747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8090747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17701990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17701990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17701990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17701990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       149724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          980                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          980                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       150704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       150704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       150704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       150704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18559990807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18559990807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     83983001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83983001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18643973808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18643973808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18643973808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18643973808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9760967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9760967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8091727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8091727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        20678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17852694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17852694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17852694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17852694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123961.360951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123961.360951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85696.939796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85696.939796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123712.534558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123712.534558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123712.534558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123712.534558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        46565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        46733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        46733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4861584756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4861584756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11110615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11110615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4872695371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4872695371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4872695371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4872695371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104404.268356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104404.268356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66134.613095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66134.613095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104266.693150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104266.693150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104266.693150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104266.693150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              495.073839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1090190110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2189136.767068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    40.073839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.064221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     14066096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14066096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     14066096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       14066096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     14066096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      14066096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9697881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9697881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9697881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9697881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9697881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9697881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     14066151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14066151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     14066151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     14066151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     14066151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     14066151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176325.109091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176325.109091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176325.109091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176325.109091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176325.109091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176325.109091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7556441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7556441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7556441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7556441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7556441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7556441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175731.186047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175731.186047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175731.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175731.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175731.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175731.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                41601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              177964001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                41857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4251.714194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.465139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.534861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     11232703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11232703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8338062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8338062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        21670                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21670                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19570765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       19570765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19570765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      19570765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       106723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       109359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       109359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       109359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       109359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11522053801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11522053801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    192547806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    192547806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11714601607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11714601607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11714601607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11714601607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     11339426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11339426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8340698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8340698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        21670                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21670                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19680124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19680124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19680124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19680124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107962.236828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107962.236828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73045.449924                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73045.449924                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107120.599192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107120.599192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107120.599192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107120.599192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       483043                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 69006.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        65384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        67758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        67758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4137969006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4137969006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21687293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21687293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4159656299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4159656299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4159656299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4159656299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100098.430199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100098.430199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82775.927481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82775.927481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99989.334367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99989.334367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99989.334367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99989.334367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.791871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1088400027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2089059.552783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.791871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.060564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13732200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13732200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13732200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13732200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13732200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13732200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8062047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8062047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8062047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8062047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8062047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8062047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13732247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13732247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13732247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13732247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13732247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13732247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171532.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171532.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171532.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171532.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171532.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171532.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6944294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6944294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6944294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6944294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6944294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6944294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178058.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178058.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178058.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178058.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178058.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178058.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                63265                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              186275331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                63521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2932.499976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.252594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.747406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9685430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9685430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8197717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8197717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20061                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20061                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17883147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17883147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17883147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17883147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       215707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       219643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       219643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       219643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       219643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28402966699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28402966699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    503864649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    503864649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28906831348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28906831348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28906831348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28906831348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9901137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9901137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8201653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8201653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        20061                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20061                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18102790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18102790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18102790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18102790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 131673.829310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131673.829310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128014.392530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128014.392530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 131608.252246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131608.252246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 131608.252246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131608.252246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           21002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       152619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       156378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       156378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        63088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        63265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        63265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6763460897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6763460897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12089967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12089967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6775550864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6775550864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6775550864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6775550864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107206.773031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107206.773031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68304.898305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68304.898305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107097.935098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107097.935098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107097.935098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107097.935098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
