
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132243                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132242608686                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697541040513                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 300029                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383206                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2127571                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67769464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 62156.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18648755909                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23818802908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2667648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1796608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2676864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      5203456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1306112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2670592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4437760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      5193984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1305984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2662400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2681344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      5184128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2667648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1799424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1305472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2781696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             46419584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10482688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10482688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        14036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        40652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        10204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        34670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        40578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        10203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        40501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        14058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        10199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        21732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                362653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           81896                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                81896                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        32909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20172379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13585697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20242069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        36781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39347802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9876635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20194641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        36781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33557717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39276176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9875667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        34845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20132694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        34845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20275946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        35813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39201647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        33877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20172379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13606991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      9871796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        38717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21034794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               351018363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        32909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        36781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        36781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        34845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        34845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        35813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        33877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        38717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             593334                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          79268612                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               79268612                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          79268612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        32909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20172379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13585697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        34845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20242069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        36781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39347802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        40653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9876635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        33877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20194641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        36781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33557717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        35813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39276176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        40653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9875667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        34845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20132694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        34845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20275946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        35813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39201647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        33877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20172379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13606991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        39685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      9871796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        38717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21034794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              430286975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21816536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19473084                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14498712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14216572                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52401                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230435019                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123956835                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21816536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15527330                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27627678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5726474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9483343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13946830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708486                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271522031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243894353     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4206426      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134289      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4160814      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1335168      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3842332      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         608143      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         988201      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10352305      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271522031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068794                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.390873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228422318                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11549079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27572734                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3955591                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2065199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138675695                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3955591                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228653498                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7455416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3358041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27341388                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       758093                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138471398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       570011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181497191                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627639493                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627639493                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34462859                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1797725                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24956071                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26721                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       925861                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137758940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18661                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128948416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83027                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24990698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51175522                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271522031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215022278     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17750293      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18938018      6.97%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10956377      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5681557      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419953      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681106      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39265      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33184      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271522031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215540     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88509     23.48%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72843     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101128951     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012876      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22765131     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032268      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128948416                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406612                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376892                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529878781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162768643                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125663868                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129325308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5118005                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100900                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955591                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6624615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92329                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137777701                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24956071                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9403                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2666                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671607                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1845151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127315313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22444965                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26477049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19343004                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4032084                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401463                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125693001                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125663868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76025148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165706408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396255                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25167291                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1729875                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267566440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225609119     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16502107      6.17%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10566175      3.95%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352802      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5529766      2.07%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082594      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686029      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627876      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3609972      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267566440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3609972                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401739361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279525305                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5144992                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45606528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.171286                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.171286                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591737284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163752256                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147235163                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       24495050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20041891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2395177                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10348539                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9669121                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2532647                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109372                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236065828                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            136888951                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          24495050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12201768                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            28597199                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6507307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     12938845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        14439693                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2396736                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    281682907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      253085708     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1339037      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2120907      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2869299      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2954422      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2498334      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1406458      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2075601      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13333141      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    281682907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077240                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      233634076                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     15391331                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28543741                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        33133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4080625                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      4032339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    168000121                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4080625                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      234277412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2223091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     11681222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27940679                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1479875                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    167934229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       221629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       633916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    234310955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    781241793                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    781241793                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    203460873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30850082                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        41983                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21984                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         4363086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15735994                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8521562                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100060                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      2008719                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        167725176                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       159408278                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18339129                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43750240                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1800                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281682907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214210141     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27753480      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14062548      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10593049      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8327501      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3374960      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2108480      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1107113      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       145635      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281682907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30517     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97109     36.73%     48.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136729     51.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134070796     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2375365      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19997      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14447839      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8494281      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    159408278                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502661                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            264355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    600785681                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186107083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157023500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    159672633                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322330                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2518920                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          647                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4080625                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1863023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144945                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    167767474                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15735994                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8521562                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21986                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122034                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          647                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1397000                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1340096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2737096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157214794                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13595002                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2193484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22088951                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       22348447                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8493949                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.495745                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            157023738                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           157023500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        90135508                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       242874095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.495141                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118605362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    145941771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21825725                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2425475                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277602282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217735624     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29667247     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11215100      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5345193      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4502669      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2584454      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2259558      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1021045      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3271392      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277602282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    118605362                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    145941771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21625054                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            13217074                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             20122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         21045320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       131491358                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      3005202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3271392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          442097580                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         339615685                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3577375                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              35445652                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         118605362                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           145941771                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    118605362                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.673813                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.673813                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      707607567                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     218731038                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     155731995                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        40298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              317128166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       21861530                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19516890                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1743398                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14483637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14243780                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310990                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230847253                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            124230998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          21861530                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     15554770                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27687391                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5736606                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      9432706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           44                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13972310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1711266                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    271950798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      244263407     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        4212409      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2143846      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        4169261      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1334107      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3849047      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         608636      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         991408      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10378677      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    271950798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.391738                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      228831496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     11501485                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27632139                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        22685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3962989                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      2066001                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        20413                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    138990635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        38377                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3962989                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      229065002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       7410078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3354031                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27398466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       760228                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    138783297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       106378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       572126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    181885453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    629022799                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    629022799                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    147344075                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34541256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        18634                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9426                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1808868                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     25015789                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      4077741                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26147                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       926607                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        138061786                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18698                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       129263742                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        89166                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25053480                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51247239                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271950798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215334333     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17775971      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18970238      6.98%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10985982      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5697839      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1427582      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1685108      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        40525      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33220      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271950798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215950     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88702     23.48%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73107     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101357303     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1014920      0.79%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9208      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22842069     17.67%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4040242      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    129263742                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.407607                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530945207                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163134307                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125949583                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    129641501                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       103265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5133415                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          347                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3962989                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6575077                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        93397                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138080583                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25015789                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4077741                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9422                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2665                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          347                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1849032                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127619598                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22511092                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1644144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           26551146                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19381162                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          4040054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.402423                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            125978716                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           125949583                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        76193548                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       166014104                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.397157                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458958                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100214330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    112854982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25231117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18570                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1732520                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267987809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225947933     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16529391      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10589059      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3359596      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5542690      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1083787      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       687723      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628388      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3619242      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267987809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100214330                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    112854982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             23856008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            19882342                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              9265                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17304853                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        98644251                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1414869                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3619242                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          402454289                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         280138478                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               5152351                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              45177368                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100214330                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           112854982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100214330                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.164499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.164499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.316006                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.316006                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      593137725                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     164109792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     147561713                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        18552                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21415739                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19325143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1120663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8142217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7661710                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1184665                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49779                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227356976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            134597274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21415739                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      8846375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26627915                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3525032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     31483453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13040817                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1125536                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    287844614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      261216699     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         951499      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1939845      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         833275      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4423568      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3948587      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         766549      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1591327      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12173265      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    287844614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424425                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      224964989                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     33889141                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26530346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        84293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2375840                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1879066                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          433                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    157820297                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2379                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2375840                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      225265343                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      31478426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1376171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26349872                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       998957                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    157736818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         1597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       512446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       327817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12547                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    185175010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    742900393                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    742900393                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    164298248                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       20876750                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        18307                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9239                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2304955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     37228783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     18830530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172458                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       915230                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        157432863                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       151359039                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12115386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29072398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           93                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287844614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233469988     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16613483      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13433012      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5804865      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7251487      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6867606      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3900627      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311171      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       192375      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287844614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380284     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2907241     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84826      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94938645     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1321126      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9064      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36304336     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18785868     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    151359039                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477280                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3372351                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594020611                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169570574                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150071562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    154731390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1437307                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          569                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3973                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116137                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13337                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2375840                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      30710969                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       299706                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157451316                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37228783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18830530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9241                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       184527                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          159                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3973                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       654842                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       660185                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1315027                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150307822                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36187665                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1051217                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           54971678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19697638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         18784013                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473965                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            150075446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           150071562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        81073949                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       160018602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.473220                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506653                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121953062                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    143316035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14152582                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18268                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1145466                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285468774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233289796     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19208117      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8939489      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8799185      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2434976      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10066137      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764315      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559166      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1407593      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285468774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    121953062                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    143316035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             54505862                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            35791469                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              9120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18925130                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       127442922                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1388154                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1407593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          441529434                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         317313329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4879163                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              29283945                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         121953062                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           143316035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    121953062                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.600415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.600415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      743106891                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     174266929                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     187951533                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        18240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       27523033                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22913903                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2502986                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10600396                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10084865                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2959545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116595                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239588944                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            151041034                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          27523033                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13044410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            31478523                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6952077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     21463224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        14877203                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2392038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    296962393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      265483870     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1931760      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2434233      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3875387      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1621324      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2088647      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2440182      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1116535      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       15970455      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    296962393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      238183120                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     23010547                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        31326898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        16268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4425555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      4190830                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          796                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    184573126                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3900                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4425555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      238426472                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        774843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     21557270                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        31100037                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       678206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    183434698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        97968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       472774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    256176361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    853005777                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    853005777                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    214553793                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       41622568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        44626                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2382871                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     17154747                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8992424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       105788                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      2095510                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        179115218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44786                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       171930825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170536                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21571784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43747888                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1914                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296962393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224086930     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33219287     11.19%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13646562      4.60%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7609028      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10288182      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3178393      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3122332      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1680787      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130892      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296962393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1183381     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158684     10.62%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152633     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144826621     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2354654      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21256      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15764683      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8963611      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    171930825                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542149                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1494699                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    642489278                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200732710                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167463713                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    173425524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3194393                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          927                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       127405                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4425555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        588161                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    179160008                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17154747                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8992424                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23370                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64530                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          927                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1485886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1400816                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2886702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168939123                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15509373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2991702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           24472247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       23888476                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8962874                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532715                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            167464170                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           167463713                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers       100333871                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       269405190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528063                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372427                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124848426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    153838746                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25322030                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42872                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2524252                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292536838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227438842     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32984983     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11972184      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5978336      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5454837      1.86%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2296412      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2267783      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1081407      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3062054      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292536838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    124848426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    153838746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             22825373                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            13960354                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             21388                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         22292733                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       138505208                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      3174288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3062054                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          468634702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         362747143                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3629278                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              20166166                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         124848426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           153838746                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    124848426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.540109                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.540109                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      760212171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     233958931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     170780262                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        42836                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21824110                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19480155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741591                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14509101                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14223388                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52418                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230539487                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            123999080                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21824110                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     15535076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27637893                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5727838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      9454741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13953296                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709479                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    271608617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      243970724     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        4207016      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2136005      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        4162809      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1335733      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3845409      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         608343      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         987615      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10354963      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    271608617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.391006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      228528998                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     11518460                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27582899                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        22212                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3956044                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2065533                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        20395                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138721039                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        38391                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3956044                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      228760088                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       7427265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3356171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27351766                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       757279                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138517302                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       107505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       569106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    181554659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    627848814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    627848814                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    147098529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34456114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        18604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1796315                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     24968384                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      4067557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       923126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137806264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       129004159                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83033                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24987313                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51147569                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271608617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215085330     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17757236      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18946032      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10960760      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5684032      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420763      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681847      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39382      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33235      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271608617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215779     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88723     23.51%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72903     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101171079     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013142      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9193      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22777663     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033082      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    129004159                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530077373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162812583                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125718810                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129381564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5119196                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          148                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          343                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100459                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3956044                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6599687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92348                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137825049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24968384                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9409                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46286                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2649                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          343                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174605                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1846489                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127370533                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22456009                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633626                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 114                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           26488904                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19352265                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          4032895                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.401637                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            125747927                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           125718810                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        76059027                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       165778378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.396429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100047176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    112666716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25163890                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18542                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1730736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267652573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225678202     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16508956      6.17%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10569533      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352862      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5533404      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1083089      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686468      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628233      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611826      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267652573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    100047176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    112666716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             23816286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            19849188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9251                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17275885                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        98479816                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1412523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3611826                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          401870976                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         279620426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               5148055                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              45519942                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         100047176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           112666716                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    100047176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.169790                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.169790                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315478                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315478                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      591998261                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     163822309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     147288534                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        18524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              317128153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22275054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18212812                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2177729                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9399244                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8806793                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2295371                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97150                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216437521                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            126311655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22275054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11102164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26478446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6298854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      9991440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13306740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2191934                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    256980414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      230501968     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1431131      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2263426      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3602429      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1508530      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1697130      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1778872      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1172015      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13024913      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    256980414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070240                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398298                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      214408481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     12036312                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26396970                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        66143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4072506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3655407                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          480                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    154267965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3135                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4072506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      214717549                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2427984                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      8658527                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26159614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       944232                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    154173324                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        46493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       263124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       343201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        74159                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    214026297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    717162895                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    717162895                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    183000643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       31025577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        39970                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22277                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2767797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14705728                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7906620                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1793925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        153977011                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40088                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       145896054                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19241300                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42651727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4409                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256980414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195409091     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24743329      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13521796      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9199459      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8600266      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2483148      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1917262      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       658124      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447939      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256980414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33799     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       101736     38.15%     50.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131172     49.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122222241     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2302002      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17690      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13488954      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7865167      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    145896054                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.460054                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266707                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    549222676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173260010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143566093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    146162761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       444148                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2628870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          473                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1640                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229875                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9056                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4072506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1509910                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       133176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154017246                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14705728                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7906620                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22266                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98317                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1640                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1274284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1239622                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2513906                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143830270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12689689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2065784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 147                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20552971                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20252607                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7863282                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453540                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            143566961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           143566093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        83940920                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       219219293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382908                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107490228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    131753767                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22263916                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35679                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2224297                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252907908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199427025     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25897630     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10082535      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5434696      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4069791      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2270127      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1399992      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1251668      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3074444      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252907908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    107490228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    131753767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19753581                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12076847                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18912516                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       118719746                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2676243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3074444                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          403850432                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         312108194                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3505912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              60147739                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         107490228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           131753767                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    107490228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.950298                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.950298                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338949                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338949                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      648619155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     199007939                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     143898548                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        35648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21426196                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19333818                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1126842                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9413923                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7694267                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1184138                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        50072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227648893                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            134638653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21426196                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8878405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26657091                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3532555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     31116420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13062618                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1132121                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    287799746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      261142655     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         958597      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1950749      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         831416      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4433151      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3950571      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         773638      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1585321      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12173648      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    287799746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067563                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      225302592                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     33476283                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26559084                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        84869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2376913                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1880378                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          434                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    157895928                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2349                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2376913                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      225596121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      31098132                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1350812                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26385550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       992213                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    157808327                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       506372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       320611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        24827                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    185234567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    743243688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    743243688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    164392296                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       20842235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        18314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2257866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     37262560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     18849849                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172387                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       916556                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        157507243                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       151489611                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        89070                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12081525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28819249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287799746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233362456     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16649432      5.79%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13444399      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5806019      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7255129      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6877134      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3900822      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       312634      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191721      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287799746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        381269     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2910653     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        85004      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     95022844     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1319610      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9070      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36338641     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18799446     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    151489611                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477691                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3376926                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594244962                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169611114                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150194339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    154866537                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273260                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1450773                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          613                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3984                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124795                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13345                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2376913                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      30335830                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       295130                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157525714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37262560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18849849                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9244                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       181522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          202                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3984                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       663181                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658241                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1321422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150434882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36217463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1054727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           55014750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19711721                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         18797287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474366                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            150198140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           150194339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        81137231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       160135775                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473607                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506678                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    122022622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    143397880                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14144517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1151886                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285422833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233215650     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19213550      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8948529      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8800584      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2438857      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10074839      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       765433      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559829      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1405562      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285422833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    122022622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    143397880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             54536841                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            35811787                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              9126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18935890                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       127515762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1388951                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1405562                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          441559304                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         317461975                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4891742                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              29328813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         122022622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           143397880                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    122022622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.598933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.598933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      743741530                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     174394444                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     188030828                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        18252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       27513475                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22905319                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2501307                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10587694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10080653                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2957988                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116465                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239492649                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            150981503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          27513475                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13038641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            31465161                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6948769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     21595919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        14870882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2390464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    296982298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      265517137     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1931275      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2432866      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3871630      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1620647      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2088311      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2439898      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1116793      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       15963741      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    296982298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476089                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      238085419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     23142962                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        31313683                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        16321                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4423908                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      4190058                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          818                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    184501589                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4423908                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      238328786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        775732                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     21688313                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        31086777                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       678772                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    183364946                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        98026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       472911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    256072262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    852676606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    852676606                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    214470647                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       41601615                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        44596                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23348                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2382521                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     17146791                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8991141                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       105876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      2093447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        179045915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44756                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       171865162                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       169831                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21559227                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43723165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1904                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296982298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224135384     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33205426     11.18%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13641381      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7607088      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10283786      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3177281      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3120686      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1680083      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131183      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296982298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1182656     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158511     10.61%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152589     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144769537     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2353460      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21247      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15758592      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8962326      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    171865162                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541942                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493757                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    642376210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200650820                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167400249                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    173358919                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129601                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3191815                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          927                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129550                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4423908                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        588797                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73916                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    179090675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17146791                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8991141                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23349                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64399                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           86                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          927                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1485042                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1400431                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2885473                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168875182                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15503709                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2989980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           24465295                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       23879555                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8961586                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532513                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            167400735                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           167400249                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers       100291995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       269293881                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527862                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372426                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124800020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    153779175                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25312238                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42852                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2522550                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292558390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227486466     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32971287     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11967737      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5976043      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5452562      1.86%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2295371      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2266717      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080776      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3061431      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292558390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    124800020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    153779175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             22816567                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            13954976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             21378                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         22284113                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       138451550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      3173056                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3061431                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          468587514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         362606768                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3627081                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              20146261                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         124800020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           153779175                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    124800020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541094                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541094                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      759923346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     233864204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     170715527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        42816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       21767358                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19429998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1736611                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14466569                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14184568                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1307399                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52032                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    229902989                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            123683292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          21767358                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     15491967                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27565965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5713866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      9588498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13914948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1704361                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    271024971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      243459006     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        4196736      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2128617      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        4151843      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1331853      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3834378      1.41%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         607123      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         986894      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10328521      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    271024971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068639                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.390010                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      227900131                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     11644354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27510975                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        22341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3947166                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      2059793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        20323                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    138368929                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        38319                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3947166                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      228130287                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       7535997                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      3375458                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27280537                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       755522                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    138162786                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       107279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       567754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    181086707                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    626245544                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    626245544                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    146695150                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34391553                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        18549                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9382                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1791517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     24908195                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      4056706                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        27147                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       925102                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        137454211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18613                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       128663546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24942878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51074554                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271024971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214657417     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17698781      6.53%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18899174      6.97%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10935645      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5665787      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1418275      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1677364      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39449      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33079      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271024971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        214622     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88421     23.53%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72679     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100901072     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1010309      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9166      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22720835     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4022164      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    128663546                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.405714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            375722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528810047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162416031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125386954                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    129039268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5110447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          335                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101083                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3947166                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       6709345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        91999                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137472926                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24908195                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4056706                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9380                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46040                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2672                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          335                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1841581                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127034915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22400562                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1628631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           26422524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19300622                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          4021962                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.400579                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            125415999                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           125386954                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75861785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       165340756                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.395382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458821                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99777110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    112360027                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25118448                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18485                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1725786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267077805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225223639     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16456453      6.16%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10542366      3.95%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3344378      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5517792      2.07%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1078796      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       684399      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       625690      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3604292      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267077805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99777110                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    112360027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             23753370                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            19797747                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9223                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17229184                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        98210929                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1408457                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3604292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          400951611                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         278907282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               5135050                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              46103588                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99777110                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           112360027                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99777110                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.178370                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.178370                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      590447610                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     163387725                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     146914567                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        18466                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21870547                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19523588                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1743874                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14498686                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14254975                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1313153                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52279                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230995876                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            124272361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21870547                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     15568128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27696167                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5737732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      9414223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13980416                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1711543                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    272090349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      244394182     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        4215229      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2139236      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        4171658      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1339035      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3854031      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         609845      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         990879      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10376254      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    272090349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068964                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.391867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      228977502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     11485836                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27641170                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        22207                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3963630                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2068290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        20424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    139020399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        38424                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3963630                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      229209449                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       7442471                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3305096                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27409362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       760337                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    138815512                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       107103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       572704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    181934306                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    629195180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    629195180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    147413879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34520411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        18642                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9432                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1804894                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     25031223                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      4075266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25754                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       928060                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        138104293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       129276935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83104                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25040215                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51298424                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272090349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215449483     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17788308      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18989515      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10989238      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5691318      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1424292      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1685402      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39605      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33188      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272090349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215549     57.07%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88954     23.55%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73161     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101375691     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1015196      0.79%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9210      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22835868     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4040970      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    129276935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.407648                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377664                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    531104987                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163163536                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125987928                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    129654599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101605                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5134909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          334                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3963630                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       6610943                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92676                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138123104                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25031223                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4075266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9425                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46437                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2680                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          334                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175676                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1848691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127644287                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22512463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 107                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           26553226                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19393698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          4040763                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.402500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            126016980                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           125987928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        76221772                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       166109430                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.397277                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458865                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100268216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    112911595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25217057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18575                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1732992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    268126719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    226063534     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16539470      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10595311      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3360857      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5545744      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1084518      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       687941      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       629032      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3620312      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    268126719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100268216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    112911595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             23870913                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            19896311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9267                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17313897                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        98692558                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1415210                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3620312                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          402634682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         280224122                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               5160021                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              45038210                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100268216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           112911595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100268216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.162802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.162802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316175                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316175                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      593286321                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     164166275                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     147618390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        18558                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       21361609                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19275748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1121806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8604199                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7663366                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1180894                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226910270                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            134232822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          21361609                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8844260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26574369                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3520429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     31369028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13018973                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1127024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    287223999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      260649630     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         954694      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1939295      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         833896      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4420174      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3937677      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         770375      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1580231      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12138027      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    287223999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423276                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      224540718                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     33752220                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26476521                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        84626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2369909                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1874437                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          426                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    157419781                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2384                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2369909                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      224835056                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      31350399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1368443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26301593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       998594                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    157332682                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       513068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       325430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        22896                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    184669894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    741003536                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    741003536                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    163892194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       20777610                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        18263                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2271230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     37148003                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     18790974                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       911924                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        157028953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       151017813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        89774                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12057779                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28799718                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           95                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287223999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    232941040     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16607863      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13410633      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5790792      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7234045      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6850861      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3886518      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311261      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       190986      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287223999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        379918     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2899424     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84563      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94726432     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1316268      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9042      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36225707     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18740364     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    151017813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476204                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3363905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592713304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169109004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149726194                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    154381718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272552                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1446181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          606                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3964                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123396                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13304                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2369909                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      30570506                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       297439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157047370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37148003                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18790974                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9221                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       183477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          189                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3964                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       659813                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       656128                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1315941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149966373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36104363                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1051440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           54842611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19650239                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         18738248                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.472888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            149730008                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           149726194                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        80885329                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       159648338                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472131                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506647                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121650480                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    142960728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14103652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1146798                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    284854090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    232797701     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19163282      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8924685      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8774978      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2431419      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10038367      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       762780      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558073      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1402805      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    284854090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    121650480                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    142960728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             54369391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            35701813                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              9098                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18878326                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       127126994                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1384780                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1402805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          440515301                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         316498983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4872677                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              29904560                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         121650480                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           142960728                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    121650480                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.606883                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.606883                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383600                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383600                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      741421691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     173849546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     187457413                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        18196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21805100                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19463848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739321                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14500468                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14208016                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310317                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52116                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230287605                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            123888739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21805100                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     15518333                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27614073                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5721793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      9500797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13937677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    271375176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      243761103     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        4203146      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2133925      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        4158485      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1334887      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3840785      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         608351      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         987321      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10347173      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    271375176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.390658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      228276385                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     11565068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27559217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        22191                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3952311                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2063631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        20361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138609168                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        38328                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3952311                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      228507527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       7500151                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3330871                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27327846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       756466                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138403582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       106654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       569231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    181408079                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    627345678                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    627345678                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    146975069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34433002                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        18583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9396                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1794939                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     24944746                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      4064919                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26425                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       926351                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137692419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18649                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128890927                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82909                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24970741                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51142584                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271375176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214903989     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17737298      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18929480      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10954940      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5676441      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419531      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681182      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39182      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33133      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271375176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215346     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88599     23.51%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72868     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101083810     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012485      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9187      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22754897     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4030548      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128890927                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.406431                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376813                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529616752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162682154                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125609378                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129267740                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5115735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3952311                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6670761                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137711171                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24944746                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4064919                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9394                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46371                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2672                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172863                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1844201                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127259239                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22432498                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 103                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           26462845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19333778                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          4030347                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.401286                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125638125                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125609378                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        75993544                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       165661117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.396083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458729                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99958250                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    112569807                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25146967                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18529                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1728488                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267422865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225486653     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16491922      6.17%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10561722      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351713      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5527032      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080531      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685330      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627157      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610805      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267422865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99958250                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    112569807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             23793567                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            19829008                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              9245                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17260727                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        98396084                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1411618                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3610805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          401528457                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         279389027                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               5141669                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              45753383                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99958250                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           112569807                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99958250                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.172610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.172610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.315198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.315198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      591478411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163685618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     147155040                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        18510                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       24556727                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20093299                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2392805                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10157288                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9669046                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2534215                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109018                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236266120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            137329210                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          24556727                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12203261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            28664197                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6536877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     12795225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        14452756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2394934                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    281838944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      253174747     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1337952      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2120982      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2871405      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2958153      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2503025      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1407024      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2077677      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13387979      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    281838944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433040                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      233831085                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     15251677                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        28610300                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        33370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4112511                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      4042235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          390                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    168500213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2023                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4112511                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      234476002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2148098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     11613298                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        28005680                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1483352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    168434760                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       222146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       635303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    235003220                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    783616911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    783616911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    203730981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       31272227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        41636                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21606                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         4371877                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15761117                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8543253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100399                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      2072677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        168221641                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       159722673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21786                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18636479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44680578                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1393                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281838944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214223348     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27825207      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14083195      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10614355      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8343706      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3383536      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2111134      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1107001      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147462      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281838944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30055     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98258     36.95%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137595     51.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134329364     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2388089      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20024      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14468547      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8516649      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    159722673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            265908                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601571982                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186900551                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157343649                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    159988581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       325391                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2526496                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          657                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4112511                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1786268                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145341                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168263588                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        67921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15761117                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8543253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21612                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122275                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          657                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1390279                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1346923                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2737202                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157536011                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13616004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2186660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 169                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           22132339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       22386038                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8516335                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496758                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            157343919                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           157343649                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        90321154                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       243393780                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.496151                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371091                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118762824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    146135585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22128009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2423142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277726433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217747567     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29740261     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11222682      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5355078      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4529259      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2586931      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2250365      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023475      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3270815      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277726433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    118762824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    146135585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             21653765                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            13234621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             20148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         21073296                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       131665981                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      3009205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3270815                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          442718406                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         340639777                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3577419                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              35289615                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         118762824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           146135585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    118762824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.670268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.670268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      709023340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     219168861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     156210519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        40350                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       27498879                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22895197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2500101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10590311                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10076513                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2956008                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239369890                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            150907440                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          27498879                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13032521                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            31450586                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6944341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     21737258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        14862492                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2389203                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    296982921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      265532335     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1929697      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2431979      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3874315      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1619523      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2087619      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        2436891      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1114874      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       15955688      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    296982921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086712                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.475856                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      237967297                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     23279544                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        31299121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        16190                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      4420764                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      4185918                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          772                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    184402209                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3851                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      4420764                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      238209913                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        774287                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     21828242                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        31072937                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       676768                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    183264998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        97418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       472436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    255949318                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    852214284                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    852214284                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    214358425                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       41590881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        44523                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23286                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2374461                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     17133544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      8981418                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      2086705                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        178944057                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       171759787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168784                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21558116                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43708792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1850                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296982921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224184149     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33181230     11.17%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13634504      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7598129      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10281636      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3172476      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3120172      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1679794      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130831      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296982921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1183360     79.24%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157619     10.55%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152446     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144688660     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2352448      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21236      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15744723      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8952720      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    171759787                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.541609                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493426                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    642164705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200547778                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167304181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    173253213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129473                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3185873                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          927                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124461                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      4420764                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        588261                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73844                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178988742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       138856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17133544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8981418                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23287                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           80                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          927                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1483616                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399071                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2882687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168774434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15491454                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2985353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           24443489                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       23865569                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          8952035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.532196                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            167304640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           167304181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers       100238895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       269144847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527559                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372435                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124734758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    153698678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25290794                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42832                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2521351                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292562157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227525565     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32951858     11.26%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11961186      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5971595      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5451275      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2296007      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2266166      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080508      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3057997      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292562157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    124734758                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    153698678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             22804628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            13947671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             21368                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         22272431                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       138379074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      3171383                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3057997                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          468492774                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         362399742                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3625701                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              20145638                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         124734758                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           153698678                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    124734758                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.542423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.542423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393326                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393326                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      759482798                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     233739859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     170626036                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        42796                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              317128559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23290630                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19098594                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2282177                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9740074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9108565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2392306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103054                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222451623                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            132323180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23290630                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11500871                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            29115876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6466585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     20841402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13703337                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2267799                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    276554326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      247438450     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3157778      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3651806      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2009452      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2311545      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1277742      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         869315      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2252611      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13585627      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    276554326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.417254                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      220652555                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     22674369                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        28876699                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       226569                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4124130                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3781313                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        21298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    161534987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts       104995                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4124130                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      221001444                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       7535859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     14158736                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        28764549                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       969604                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    161435817                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       249704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       448302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    224356902                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    751602714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    751602714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    191790930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       32565964                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        42513                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2596842                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15417030                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8395342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220944                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1860891                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        161184156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       152420984                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213556                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19982085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46075854                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4943                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276554326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    212315330     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25850748      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13881796      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9605361      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8396208      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4294342      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1040152      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       670005      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       500384      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276554326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40133     12.28%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       138833     42.49%     54.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147815     45.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127585978     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2381481      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18677      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14098306      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8336542      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    152420984                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.480628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            326781                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    581936630                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181210296                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149893150                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    152747765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       384165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2710054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          887                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1446                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       174795                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9335                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3699                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4124130                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       6996719                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       167527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161226900                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15417030                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8395342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23798                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       117333                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1446                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1326031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1275940                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2601971                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150177503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13241426                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2243480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21576184                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       21021395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8334758                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473554                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            149895297                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           149893150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        89080447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       233284743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472657                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381853                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112624317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    138176060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23052196                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37669                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2295274                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272430196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215978425     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26176701      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10971808      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6597781      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4562534      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2949970      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1525633      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1230136      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2437208      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272430196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    112624317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    138176060                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20927523                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12706976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         19776583                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       124569946                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2811185                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2437208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          431220490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         326580728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3406212                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              40574233                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         112624317                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           138176060                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    112624317                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.815809                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.815809                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.355138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.355138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      677441923                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     208037882                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     150763985                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        37634                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20875                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.835731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.976879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.784903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.582823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1676.625506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         339.842498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.818665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.165939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41542                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41543                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20841                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20875                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54353941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16855329356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16909683297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       804741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       804741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54353941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16856134097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16910488038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54353941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16856134097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16910488038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1598645.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 808796.994050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810083.515234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       804741                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       804741                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1598645.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 808796.799434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810083.259305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1598645.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 808796.799434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810083.259305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51368629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15025134002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15076502631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       716941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       716941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51368629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15025850943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15077219572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51368629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15025850943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15077219572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1510842.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 720975.719866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722262.270336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       716941                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       716941                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1510842.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 720975.526270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722262.015425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1510842.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 720975.526270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722262.015425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        14086                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.468351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         211921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        16134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        13.135056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.084724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.992805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1551.693908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         463.696914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.757663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.226415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10938                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               10938                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  34348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34346                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 34348                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               14079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                14079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14037                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               14079                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78457477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11760069414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11838526891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78457477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11760069414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    11838526891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78457477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11760069414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   11838526891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        48206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             48250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10938                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           10938                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        48383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              48427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        48383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             48427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1868035.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837790.796751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840864.187158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1868035.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837790.796751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 840864.187158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1868035.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837790.796751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 840864.187158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               6270                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    6270                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           14078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          14078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74766670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10525567580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10600334250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74766670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10525567580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10600334250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74766670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10525567580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10600334250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1780158.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749897.946708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752971.604631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1780158.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749897.946708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752971.604631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1780158.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749897.946708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752971.604631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        20949                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.830186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         182923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        22997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.954211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.401697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.663460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1677.831799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         338.933231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.819254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.165495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 41543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7615                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                7615                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  41626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41625                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 41626                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               20950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                20950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20914                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               20950                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71738130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16624199053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16695937183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71738130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16624199053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    16695937183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71738130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16624199053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   16695937183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             62493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7615                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            7615                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              62576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             62576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1992725.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 794883.764607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 796942.108974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1992725.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 794883.764607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 796942.108974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1992725.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 794883.764607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 796942.108974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2845                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2845                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           20950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          20950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68576331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14787631590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14856207921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68576331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14787631590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14856207921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68576331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14787631590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14856207921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1904898.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 707068.546906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709126.869737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1904898.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 707068.546906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709126.869737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1904898.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 707068.546906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709126.869737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        40690                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.931959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         225001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        42738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.264659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.636299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.533761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1846.806062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         195.955837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.901761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.095682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 48873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14993                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               14993                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  48907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48906                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 48907                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               40640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                40690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40652                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               40690                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63296504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  38601881554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38665178058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     82762155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     82762155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63296504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  38684643709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    38747940213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63296504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  38684643709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   38747940213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             89513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14993                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           14993                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              89597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             89597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1665697.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 950738.425546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951406.940404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1655243.100000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1655243.100000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1665697.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951604.932328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952271.816491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1665697.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951604.932328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952271.816491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               6342                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    6342                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           40690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          40690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59959261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35036250659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35096209920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78369777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78369777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59959261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35114620436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35174579697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59959261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35114620436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35174579697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1577875.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 862919.330550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863587.842520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1567395.540000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1567395.540000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1577875.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863785.802322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864452.683632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1577875.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863785.802322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864452.683632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        10249                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.140603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         233837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        12297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        19.015776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.635347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     4.942697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1417.651070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         583.911488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.692212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.285113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 33578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10458                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               10458                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  33836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33833                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 33836                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               10228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                10246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10204                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               10246                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    111976944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8222018015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8333994959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13987512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13987512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    111976944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8236005527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     8347982471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    111976944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8236005527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    8347982471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             43806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10458                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           10458                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        44037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              44082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        44037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             44082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2666117.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 807188.102788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814821.564235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       777084                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       777084                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2666117.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 807134.998726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814755.267519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2666117.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 807134.998726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814755.267519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5426                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5426                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           10246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          10246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108289344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7327592440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7435881784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12407112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12407112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108289344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7339999552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7448288896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108289344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7339999552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7448288896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2578317.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 719378.798351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727012.298005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       689284                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       689284                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2578317.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 719325.710702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726946.017568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2578317.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 719325.710702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726946.017568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        20899                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.840024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         182885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        22947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.969887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.792067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.611770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1677.791437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         338.644750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.819234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.165354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 41494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7627                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                7627                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  41572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41571                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 41572                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               20898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                20899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20864                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               20899                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70749396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16788046218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16858795614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       660868                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       660868                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70749396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16788707086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    16859456482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70749396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16788707086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   16859456482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             62392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            7627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              62471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             62471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2021411.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 804680.353640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806718.136377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       660868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       660868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2021411.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 804673.460794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806711.157567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2021411.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 804673.460794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806711.157567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2838                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2838                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           20899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          20899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67675909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14955838014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15023513923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       573068                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       573068                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67675909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14956411082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15024086991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67675909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14956411082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15024086991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1933597.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 716859.416862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718897.211360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       573068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       573068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1933597.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 716852.525019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718890.233552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1933597.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 716852.525019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718890.233552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        34715                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.618471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         185139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        36763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.036014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.506441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.652017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1673.853797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         358.606216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.817311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.175101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 43864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                9061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  43980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43979                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 43980                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               34679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                34709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34671                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               34709                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45440141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32270441988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32315882129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26240374                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26240374                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45440141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32296682362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    32342122503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45440141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32296682362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   32342122503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             78543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            9061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              78689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             78689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1195793.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931567.852776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931857.381384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 874679.133333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874679.133333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1195793.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931518.628306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931807.960558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1195793.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931518.628306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931807.960558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5248                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5248                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           34709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          34709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42101723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29228132975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29270234698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23605315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23605315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42101723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29251738290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29293840013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42101723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29251738290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29293840013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.440826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1107940.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843743.915447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844033.412094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 786843.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786843.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1107940.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843694.681146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843983.981475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1107940.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843694.681146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843983.981475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        40615                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.931847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         225025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        42663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.274477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.643913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.448522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1846.135742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         196.703670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.901433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.096047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 48896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14994                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               14994                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  48930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48929                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 48930                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               40565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                40615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40578                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               40615                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72005759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  38333194579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38405200338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87238669                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     87238669                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72005759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  38420433248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    38492439007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72005759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  38420433248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   38492439007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        89423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             89461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14994                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           14994                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        89507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              89545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        89507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             89545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1946101.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945844.714247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946757.064908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1744773.380000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1744773.380000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1946101.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946829.149983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947739.480660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1946101.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946829.149983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947739.480660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               6342                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    6342                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           40615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          40615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68757159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34774446717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34843203876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     82848669                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82848669                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68757159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34857295386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34926052545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68757159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34857295386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34926052545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1858301.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858035.104545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858947.463971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1656973.380000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1656973.380000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1858301.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 859019.552122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859929.891543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1858301.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 859019.552122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859929.891543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        10248                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.139789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         233807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        12296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        19.014883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.635961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.940231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1417.706780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         583.856817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.692240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.285086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 33555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               10451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  33813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33810                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 33813                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               10227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                10245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10203                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               10245                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110864018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8291279045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8402143063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18338619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     18338619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110864018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8309617664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     8420481682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110864018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8309617664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    8420481682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             43782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           10451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        44013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              44058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        44013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             44058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2639619.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814067.652921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821564.785665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1018812.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1018812.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2639619.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814428.860531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821911.340361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2639619.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814428.860531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821911.340361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5426                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5426                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           10245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          10245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    107175427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7396825352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7504000779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16758219                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16758219                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    107175427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7413583571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7520758998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    107175427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7413583571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7520758998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2551795.880952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726246.966323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733744.087122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 931012.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 931012.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2551795.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726608.210428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734090.678184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2551795.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726608.210428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734090.678184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        20836                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.819535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         182784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        22884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.987415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.764999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.696899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1676.338056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         340.019581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.818524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.166025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 41408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7612                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                7612                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  41494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41493                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 41494                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               20835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                20836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20800                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               20836                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69876680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17080627892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17150504572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       774748                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       774748                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69876680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17081402640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    17151279320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69876680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17081402640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   17151279320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             62243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            7612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              87                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              62330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             62330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011494                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011494                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1941018.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821223.515169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823158.366787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       774748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       774748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1941018.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821221.280769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823156.043386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1941018.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821221.280769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823156.043386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2827                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2827                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           20836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          20836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66715806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15253838008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15320553814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       686948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       686948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66715806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15254524956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15321240762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66715806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15254524956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15321240762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1853216.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733392.855810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735327.756851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       686948                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       686948                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1853216.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733390.622885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735325.434920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1853216.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733390.622885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735325.434920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        20984                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.843707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         183025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        23032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.946553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.759313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.665332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1677.648633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         338.770430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.819164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.165415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 41597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7663                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                7663                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  41677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41676                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 41677                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               20984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                20984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               20984                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54128227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16544041921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16598170148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54128227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16544041921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    16598170148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54128227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16544041921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   16598170148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             62581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            7663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              62661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             62661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503561.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 789767.133903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790991.715021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503561.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 789767.133903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790991.715021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503561.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 789767.133903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790991.715021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2845                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2845                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           20984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          20984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     50967214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14704520084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14755487298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     50967214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14704520084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14755487298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     50967214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14704520084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14755487298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1415755.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 701953.412450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703178.006958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1415755.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 701953.412450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703178.006958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1415755.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 701953.412450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703178.006958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        40537                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.930156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         224817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        42585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.279253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.706215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.485223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1845.594218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         197.144500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.901169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.096262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 48750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               14933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  48784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48783                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 48784                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               40487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                40538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40501                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               40538                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72459964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39017790769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   39090250733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     76105352                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     76105352                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72459964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39093896121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    39166356085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72459964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39093896121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   39166356085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        89199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             89237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           14933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        89284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              89322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        89284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             89322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1958377.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 964593.096885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965501.290118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1492261.803922                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1492261.803922                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1958377.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 965257.552184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966163.996374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1958377.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 965257.552184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966163.996374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               6317                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    6317                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           40538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          40538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69210317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35465337986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35534548303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     71625748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71625748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69210317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35536963734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35606174051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69210317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35536963734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35606174051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1870549.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 876769.789518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877677.978191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1404426.431373                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1404426.431373                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1870549.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 877434.229624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878340.669273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1870549.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 877434.229624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878340.669273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        20876                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.835287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         182900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        22924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.978538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.751967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.449290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1677.389025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         339.245005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.819038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.165647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 41513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7622                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                7622                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  41595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41594                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 41595                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               20876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                20876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               20876                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60919460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16928208361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16989127821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60919460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16928208361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    16989127821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60919460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16928208361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   16989127821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             62389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7622                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            7622                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              62471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             62471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1740556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812255.091454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813811.449559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1740556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812255.091454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813811.449559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1740556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812255.091454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813811.449559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           20876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          20876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57846460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15097708462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15155554922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57846460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15097708462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15155554922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57846460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15097708462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15155554922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1652756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 724423.418358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725979.829565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1652756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 724423.418358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725979.829565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1652756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 724423.418358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725979.829565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        14110                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.466962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         211994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        16158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.120064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.086570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.065369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1551.481488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         463.833535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.757559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.226481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 34223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               10959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 175                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  34398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34396                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 34398                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               14103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                14103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14059                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               14103                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91619831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11625261840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11716881671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91619831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11625261840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    11716881671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91619831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11625261840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   11716881671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        48280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             48326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           10959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        48455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              48501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        48455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             48501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2082268.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 826891.090405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830807.748068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2082268.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 826891.090405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830807.748068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2082268.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 826891.090405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830807.748068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               6278                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    6278                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           14102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          14102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87754991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10389412428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10477167419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87754991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10389412428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10477167419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87754991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10389412428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10477167419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1994431.613636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 739039.154076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742956.135229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1994431.613636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 739039.154076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742956.135229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1994431.613636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 739039.154076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742956.135229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        10243                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.140741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         233782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        12291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        19.020584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.640144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.793339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1417.700517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         584.006742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.692237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.285160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 33530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               10451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  33787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33785                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 33787                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               10222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                10240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10199                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               10240                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111929032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8359438865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8471367897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16301893                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     16301893                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111929032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8375740758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     8487669790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111929032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8375740758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    8487669790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        43709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             43752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           10451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        43984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              44027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        43984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             44027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.231880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.231880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2729976.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 821082.296926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828738.788593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 905660.722222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 905660.722222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2729976.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 821231.567605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828874.002930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2729976.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 821231.567605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828874.002930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           10240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          10240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    108329232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7465308004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7573637236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14718442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14718442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    108329232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7480026446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7588355678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    108329232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7480026446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7588355678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.231880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.231880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2642176.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 733258.815833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740915.401683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 817691.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 817691.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2642176.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 733407.828807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741050.359180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2642176.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 733407.828807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741050.359180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        21786                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.518372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         251512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        23834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        10.552656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.575767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.671439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1680.456473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         334.814693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.820535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.163484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 40893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22259                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               22259                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  41067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41066                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 41067                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               21772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                21772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21732                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               21772                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70654897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18495793127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18566448024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70654897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18495793127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    18566448024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70654897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18495793127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   18566448024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             62665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22259                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           22259                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              62839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             62839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.347024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1766372.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 851085.639932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852767.225060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1766372.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 851085.639932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852767.225060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1766372.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 851085.639932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852767.225060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              11803                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   11803                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           21772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          21772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67142897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16587359494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16654502391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67142897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16587359494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16654502391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67142897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16587359494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16654502391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.347024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1678572.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 763268.888920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764950.504823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1678572.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 763268.888920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764950.504823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1678572.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 763268.888920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764950.504823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.664914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013979051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1804233.186833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.647906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.017008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.053923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13946782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13946782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13946782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13946782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13946782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13946782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     71860906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71860906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     71860906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71860906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     71860906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71860906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13946830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13946830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13946830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13946830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13946830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13946830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1497102.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1497102.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1497102.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1497102.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1497102.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1497102.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54704140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54704140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54704140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54704140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54704140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54704140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562975.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562975.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562975.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562975.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1562975.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562975.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243202652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3882.607513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.969694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.030306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.781132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.218868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20493185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20493185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24440060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24440060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24440060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24440060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       218922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97437630015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97437630015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     36434547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36434547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97474064562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97474064562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97474064562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97474064562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20712107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20712107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24659330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24659330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 445079.206361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445079.206361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104696.974138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104696.974138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444538.991025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444538.991025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444538.991025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444538.991025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19745881366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19745881366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6075993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6075993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19751957359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19751957359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19751957359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19751957359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316943.249161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316943.249161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 74097.475610                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74097.475610                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316624.037943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316624.037943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316624.037943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316624.037943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.781489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1087575173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2095520.564547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.781489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.068560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     14439636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14439636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     14439636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       14439636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     14439636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      14439636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90990282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90990282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90990282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90990282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90990282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90990282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     14439693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14439693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     14439693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     14439693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     14439693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     14439693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1596320.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1596320.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1596320.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1596320.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1596320.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1596320.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78950582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78950582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78950582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78950582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78950582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78950582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1794331.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794331.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1794331.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794331.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1794331.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794331.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                48383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180543784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                48639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3711.913978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.556296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.443704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9942666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9942666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8368263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8368263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18310929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       18310929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18310929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      18310929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       154772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       154772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1040                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1040                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       155812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       155812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       155812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       155812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  52884682066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52884682066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     87775429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87775429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  52972457495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52972457495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  52972457495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52972457495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     10097438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10097438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8369303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8369303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        21837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18466741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18466741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18466741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18466741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 341694.118226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341694.118226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84399.450962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84399.450962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339976.750796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339976.750796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339976.750796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339976.750796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           10938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        48206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        48383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        48383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14105224134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14105224134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11431409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11431409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14116655543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14116655543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14116655543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14116655543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292603.081235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292603.081235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64584.231638                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64584.231638                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 291768.917657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291768.917657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 291768.917657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291768.917657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              560.807367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1014004532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1797880.375887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.702396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.104971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.057215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13972263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13972263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13972263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13972263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13972263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13972263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86849306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86849306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86849306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86849306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86849306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86849306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13972310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13972310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13972310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13972310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13972310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13972310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1847857.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1847857.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1847857.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1847857.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1847857.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1847857.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72117087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72117087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72117087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72117087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72117087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72117087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1949110.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1949110.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1949110.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1949110.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1949110.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1949110.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                62538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              243270547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                62794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3874.104962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.408867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.591133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.782847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.217153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20553377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20553377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3954544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3954544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9338                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9338                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9276                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9276                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     24507921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       24507921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     24507921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      24507921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       219256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       219620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       219620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       219620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       219620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  96013420663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96013420663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37180722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37180722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  96050601385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96050601385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  96050601385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96050601385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20772633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20772633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3954908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3954908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9276                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9276                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     24727541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24727541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     24727541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24727541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 437905.556350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437905.556350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102144.840659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102144.840659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 437349.063769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437349.063769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 437349.063769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437349.063769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7615                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7615                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       156800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19520615979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19520615979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5424048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5424048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19526040027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19526040027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19526040027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19526040027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 312549.890787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312549.890787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65349.975904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65349.975904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 312221.814020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312221.814020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 312221.814020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312221.814020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              577.886201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1120568076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1925374.701031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.753515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.132685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.058900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13040758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13040758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13040758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13040758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13040758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13040758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     86439708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86439708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     86439708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86439708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     86439708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86439708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13040817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13040817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13040817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13040817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13040817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13040817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1465079.796610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1465079.796610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1465079.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1465079.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1465079.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1465079.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63684113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63684113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63684113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63684113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63684113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63684113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1632925.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632925.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1632925.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632925.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1632925.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632925.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                89558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              488054454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                89814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5434.057652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.912846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.087154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     34135251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34135251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18695540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18695540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9137                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9137                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     52830791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       52830791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     52830791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      52830791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       327413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       327759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       327759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       327759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       327759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159749129903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159749129903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    306170771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    306170771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160055300674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160055300674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160055300674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160055300674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     34462664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34462664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18695886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18695886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     53158550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53158550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     53158550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53158550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 487913.216344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487913.216344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 884886.621387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884886.621387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 488332.282787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488332.282787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 488332.282787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488332.282787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           14993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       237939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       238201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       238201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        89474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        89558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        89558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42277469605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42277469605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85499224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85499224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42362968829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42362968829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42362968829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42362968829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 472511.227899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472511.227899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1017847.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017847.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 473022.720795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473022.720795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 473022.720795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473022.720795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              496.337816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1091001158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2182002.316000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.337816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.066246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14877144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14877144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14877144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       14877144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14877144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      14877144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    169502037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    169502037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    169502037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    169502037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    169502037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    169502037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14877201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14877201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14877201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     14877201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14877201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     14877201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2973719.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2973719.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2973719.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2973719.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2973719.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2973719.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4049645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       809929                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    112519165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112519165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    112519165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112519165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    112519165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112519165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2500425.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2500425.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2500425.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2500425.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2500425.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2500425.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                44037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              179093013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                44293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4043.370578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.550538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.449462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     11878529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11878529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8818714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8818714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23035                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23035                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        21418                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21418                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20697243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       20697243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20697243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      20697243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       113299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       116067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       116067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       116067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       116067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25248919846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25248919846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288186078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    288186078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25537105924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25537105924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25537105924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25537105924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     11991828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11991828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8821482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8821482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        23035                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        23035                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        21418                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21418                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20813310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20813310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20813310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20813310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 222852.097953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222852.097953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104113.467486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104113.467486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220020.384123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220020.384123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220020.384123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220020.384123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       664592                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 110765.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           10458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        69538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        72030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        72030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        44037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        44037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10490470838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10490470838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33027358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33027358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10523498196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10523498196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10523498196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10523498196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239721.917644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239721.917644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119664.340580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119664.340580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 238969.461952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238969.461952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 238969.461952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238969.461952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              560.319738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013985520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs                  1801040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.214787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.104951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13953251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13953251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13953251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13953251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13953251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13953251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76973891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76973891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76973891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76973891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76973891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76973891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13953296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13953296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13953296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13953296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13953296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13953296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1710530.911111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1710530.911111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1710530.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1710530.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1710530.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1710530.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71110329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71110329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71110329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71110329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71110329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71110329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1975286.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975286.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1975286.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975286.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1975286.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975286.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                62435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              243214716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                62691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3879.579461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   200.535911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    55.464089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.783343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.216657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20504074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20504074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3948045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3948045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24452119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       24452119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24452119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      24452119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       218967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          324                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       219291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       219291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       219291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       219291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  96978292082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96978292082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32964694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32964694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  97011256776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97011256776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  97011256776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97011256776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20723041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20723041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3948369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24671410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24671410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24671410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24671410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000082                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442889.988364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442889.988364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101742.882716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101742.882716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442385.947330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442385.947330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442385.947330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442385.947330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19680905080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19680905080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5712884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5712884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19686617964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19686617964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19686617964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19686617964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315621.673616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315621.673616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72314.987342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72314.987342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315313.813790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315313.813790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315313.813790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315313.813790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.143388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1092493159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2065204.459357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.143388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13306682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13306682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13306682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13306682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13306682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13306682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72358590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72358590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72358590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72358590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72358590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72358590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13306740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13306740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13306740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13306740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13306740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13306740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1247561.896552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1247561.896552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1247561.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1247561.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1247561.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1247561.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45821997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45821997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45821997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45821997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45821997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45821997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1174923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1174923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1174923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1174923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1174923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1174923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                78649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              194018515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                78905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2458.887460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.340781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.659219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9219234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9219234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7639699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7639699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16858933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       16858933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16858933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      16858933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       205164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       206189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       206189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       206189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       206189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  90089074200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90089074200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    368598323                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    368598323                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  90457672523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90457672523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  90457672523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90457672523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9424398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9424398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7640724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7640724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        22092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17065122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17065122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17065122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17065122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439107.612447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439107.612447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 359608.120000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 359608.120000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438712.407175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438712.407175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438712.407175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438712.407175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       126660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35438641733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35438641733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33978769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33978769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35472620502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35472620502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35472620502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35472620502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451424.662858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451424.662858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 232731.294521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232731.294521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451018.696783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451018.696783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451018.696783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451018.696783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              577.328682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1120589881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1928726.129088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    36.302438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.026243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.058177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13062563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13062563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13062563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13062563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13062563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13062563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95961928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95961928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95961928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95961928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95961928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95961928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13062618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13062618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13062618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13062618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13062618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13062618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1744762.327273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1744762.327273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1744762.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1744762.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1744762.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1744762.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72381184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72381184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72381184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72381184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72381184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72381184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1904768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1904768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1904768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1904768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1904768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1904768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                89507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              488095116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                89763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5437.598075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.913451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.086549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     34165253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34165253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18706189                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18706189                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9126                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9126                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     52871442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       52871442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     52871442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      52871442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       325908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       326254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       326254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       326254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       326254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 158516908501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 158516908501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    318121070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    318121070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 158835029571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 158835029571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 158835029571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 158835029571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     34491161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34491161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18706535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18706535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9126                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9126                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     53197696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53197696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     53197696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53197696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 486385.447737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486385.447737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 919425.057803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919425.057803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 486844.696375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486844.696375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 486844.696375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486844.696375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       235071                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       235071                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           14994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       236485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       236747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       236747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        89423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        89507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        89507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42009215305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42009215305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89966917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89966917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42099182222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42099182222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42099182222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42099182222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 469780.876341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469780.876341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1071034.726190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1071034.726190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 470345.137498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470345.137498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 470345.137498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470345.137498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.338030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1090994836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2181989.672000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    41.338030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.066247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14870822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14870822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14870822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       14870822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14870822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      14870822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    169540030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    169540030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    169540030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    169540030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    169540030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    169540030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14870880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14870880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14870880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     14870880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14870880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     14870880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2923103.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2923103.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2923103.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2923103.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2923103.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2923103.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3433541                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 858385.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111423434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111423434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111423434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111423434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111423434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111423434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2476076.311111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2476076.311111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2476076.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2476076.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2476076.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2476076.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                44013                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              179085186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                44269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4045.385846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.553634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.446366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     11874143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11874143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8815304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8815304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21408                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21408                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20689447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       20689447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20689447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      20689447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       113265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       116033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       116033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       116033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       116033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25398915482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25398915482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    334318318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    334318318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25733233800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25733233800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25733233800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25733233800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     11987408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11987408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8818072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8818072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        23014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        23014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20805480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20805480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20805480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20805480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224243.283291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224243.283291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120779.739162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120779.739162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 221775.131213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221775.131213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 221775.131213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221775.131213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2247359                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 561839.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           10451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        69528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        72020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        72020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        72020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        72020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        44013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        44013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10558213253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10558213253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37370863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37370863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10595584116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10595584116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10595584116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10595584116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 241402.319615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241402.319615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 135401.677536                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135401.677536                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240737.602890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240737.602890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240737.602890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240737.602890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              560.020623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1013947168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1797778.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.755958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   524.264664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.840168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13914899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13914899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13914899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13914899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13914899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13914899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90192491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90192491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90192491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90192491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90192491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90192491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13914948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13914948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13914948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13914948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13914948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13914948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1840663.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1840663.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1840663.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1840663.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1840663.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1840663.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70241381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70241381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70241381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70241381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70241381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70241381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1898415.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1898415.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1898415.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1898415.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1898415.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1898415.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                62293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              243150580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                62549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3887.361589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   199.833191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    56.166809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.780598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.219402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20451481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20451481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3936561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3936561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9233                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9233                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     24388042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       24388042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     24388042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      24388042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       218571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       218960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       218960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       218960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       218960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  98850667359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98850667359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     39847305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39847305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  98890514664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98890514664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  98890514664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98890514664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20670052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20670052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3936950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3936950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9233                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9233                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     24607002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24607002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     24607002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24607002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 452258.842019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452258.842019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102435.231362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102435.231362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 451637.352320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451637.352320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 451637.352320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451637.352320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       156365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       156667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       156667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19967358758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19967358758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6384392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6384392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19973743150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19973743150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19973743150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19973743150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 320987.666109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320987.666109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73383.816092                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73383.816092                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 320641.856228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320641.856228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 320641.856228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320641.856228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              561.059017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1014012636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1797894.744681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.918763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.140254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.899133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13980367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13980367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13980367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13980367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13980367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13980367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62846959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62846959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62846959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62846959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62846959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62846959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13980416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13980416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13980416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13980416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13980416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13980416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1282591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1282591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1282591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1282591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1282591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1282591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54493262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54493262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54493262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54493262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54493262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54493262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1472790.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1472790.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1472790.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1472790.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1472790.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1472790.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                62624                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              243273971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                62880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3868.860862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   199.849059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    56.150941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.780660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.219340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20555833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20555833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3955504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3955504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9343                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9343                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9279                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9279                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24511337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       24511337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24511337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      24511337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       219471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       219806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       219806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       219806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       219806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  95937248245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95937248245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28818760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28818760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  95966067005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95966067005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  95966067005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95966067005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20775304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20775304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3955839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3955839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9343                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9343                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24731143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24731143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24731143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24731143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437129.498863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437129.498863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86026.149254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86026.149254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 436594.392351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436594.392351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 436594.392351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436594.392351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       156927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19444989236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19444989236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5183792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5183792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19450173028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19450173028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19450173028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19450173028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310900.953505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310900.953505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64797.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64797.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310586.564704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310586.564704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310586.564704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310586.564704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              577.532485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1120546236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1928651.008606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.506118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.026367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.058503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13018918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13018918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13018918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13018918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13018918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13018918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92089265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92089265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92089265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92089265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92089265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92089265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13018973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13018973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13018973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13018973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13018973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13018973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1674350.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1674350.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1674350.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1674350.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1674350.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1674350.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72832719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72832719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72832719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72832719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72832719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72832719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1916650.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916650.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1916650.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916650.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1916650.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916650.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                89282                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              487930117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                89538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5449.419431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.913713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.086287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     34057746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34057746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18648748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18648748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     52706494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       52706494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     52706494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      52706494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       325400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       325767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       325767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       325767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       325767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160319613956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160319613956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    297619957                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297619957                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160617233913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160617233913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160617233913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160617233913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     34383146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34383146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18649115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18649115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     53032261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53032261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     53032261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53032261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492684.738648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492684.738648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 810953.561308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810953.561308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493043.291411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493043.291411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493043.291411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493043.291411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       235285                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       235285                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       236201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       236483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       236483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        89199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        89284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        89284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42682953228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42682953228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     78832283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78832283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42761785511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42761785511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42761785511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42761785511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 478513.808765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478513.808765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 927438.623529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927438.623529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 478941.193394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478941.193394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 478941.193394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478941.193394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.483784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013969896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1801012.248668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.343066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.140718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.055037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13937627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13937627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13937627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13937627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13937627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13937627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79595489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79595489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79595489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79595489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79595489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79595489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13937677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13937677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13937677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13937677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13937677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13937677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1591909.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1591909.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1591909.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1591909.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1591909.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1591909.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61293032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61293032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61293032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61293032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61293032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61293032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1702584.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1702584.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1702584.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1702584.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1702584.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1702584.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              243188537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                62691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3879.161873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   200.526745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    55.473255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.783308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.216692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20480478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20480478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3945483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3945483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24425961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       24425961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24425961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      24425961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       218843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       219203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       219203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       219203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       219203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  97764294100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97764294100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33030430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33030430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  97797324530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97797324530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  97797324530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97797324530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20699321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20699321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3945843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3945843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9255                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9255                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24645164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24645164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24645164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24645164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 446732.562156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446732.562156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91751.194444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91751.194444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 446149.571539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446149.571539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 446149.571539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446149.571539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19822479235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19822479235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5328831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5328831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19827808066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19827808066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19827808066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19827808066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 317907.385932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317907.385932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64985.743902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64985.743902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 317575.207272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317575.207272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 317575.207272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317575.207272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.812801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1087588237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2087501.414587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    44.812801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.071815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14452700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14452700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14452700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       14452700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14452700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      14452700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98537032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98537032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98537032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98537032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98537032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98537032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14452755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14452755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14452755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     14452755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14452755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     14452755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1791582.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1791582.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1791582.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1791582.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1791582.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1791582.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       504284                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       252142                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92139380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92139380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92139380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92139380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92139380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92139380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2003030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2003030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2003030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2003030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2003030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2003030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                48455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180568297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                48711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3706.930611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.547901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.452099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9956399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9956399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8379396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8379396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        21458                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21458                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18335795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       18335795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18335795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      18335795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       155141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       156162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       156162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       156162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       156162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  52346552190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52346552190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     85924095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85924095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  52432476285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52432476285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  52432476285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52432476285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10111540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10111540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8380417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8380417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        21458                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21458                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        20175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18491957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18491957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18491957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18491957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337412.754784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337412.754784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84156.802155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84156.802155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335756.946536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335756.946536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335756.946536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335756.946536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           10959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       106861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        48280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        48455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        48455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13974060316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13974060316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11297919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11297919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13985358235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13985358235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13985358235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13985358235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 289437.869014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289437.869014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64559.537143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64559.537143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288625.698793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288625.698793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288625.698793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288625.698793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              495.567441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1090986448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2190735.839357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    40.567441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.065012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     14862434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14862434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     14862434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       14862434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     14862434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      14862434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    172215652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    172215652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    172215652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    172215652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    172215652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    172215652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     14862490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14862490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     14862490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     14862490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     14862490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     14862490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3075279.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3075279.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3075279.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3075279.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3075279.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3075279.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3369883                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 842470.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    112398806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112398806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    112398806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112398806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    112398806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112398806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2613925.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2613925.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2613925.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2613925.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2613925.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2613925.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                43984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              179070472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                44240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4047.705063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.553076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.446924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     11864098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11864098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8810710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8810710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        22949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20674808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       20674808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20674808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      20674808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       113037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       115786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       115786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       115786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       115786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25527888660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25527888660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    304260708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    304260708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25832149368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25832149368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25832149368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25832149368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     11977135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11977135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8813459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8813459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        22949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20790594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20790594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20790594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20790594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 225836.572627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225836.572627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110680.504911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110680.504911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 223102.528527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223102.528527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 223102.528527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223102.528527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1239621                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 309905.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           10451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        69328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        71802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        71802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        43709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        43984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        43984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10624803594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10624803594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     35257046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35257046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10660060640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10660060640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10660060640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10660060640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243080.454689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243080.454689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128207.440000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128207.440000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 242362.237177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242362.237177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 242362.237177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242362.237177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              520.997053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1088371108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2081015.502868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.932480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   481.064573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.063994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.770937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13703281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13703281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13703281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13703281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13703281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13703281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97613714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97613714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97613714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97613714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97613714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97613714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13703337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13703337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13703337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13703337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13703337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13703337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1743102.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1743102.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1743102.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1743102.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1743102.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1743102.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71080823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71080823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71080823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71080823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71080823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71080823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1733678.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1733678.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1733678.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1733678.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1733678.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1733678.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                62798                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              186230668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                63054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2953.510769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.252228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.747772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9663304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9663304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8175024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8175024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17838328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17838328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17838328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17838328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       215451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       220792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       220792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       220792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       220792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90869262991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90869262991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3271936378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3271936378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  94141199369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94141199369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  94141199369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94141199369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9878755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9878755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8180365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8180365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        20265                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20265                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18817                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18817                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18059120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18059120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18059120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18059120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 421763.013358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421763.013358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 612607.447669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 612607.447669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 426379.576112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426379.576112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 426379.576112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426379.576112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     42886062                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            78                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 549821.307692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           22259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       152827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       157994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       157994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21365835321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21365835321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11266992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11266992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21377102313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21377102313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21377102313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21377102313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 341176.471018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341176.471018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64752.827586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64752.827586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340410.559460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340410.559460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340410.559460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340410.559460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
