
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10637222559                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536824207323                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 279106                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   353410                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 184535                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 57643.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16088654090                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20371768116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       237056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       385280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       209152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       387072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       387456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       366592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       236928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       208128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       143104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       388864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       108928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3708928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1076864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1076864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 28976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       348963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22285517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     36219981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19662275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36388446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36424546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34463132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       324897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     22273483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19566010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       493362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13453136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36556911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       481329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     10240267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       493362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               348674476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       348963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       324897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       493362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       481329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       493362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6834867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         101235449                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              101235449                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         101235449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       348963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22285517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     36219981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19662275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36388446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36424546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34463132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       324897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     22273483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19566010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       493362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13453136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36556911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       481329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     10240267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       493362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              449909925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19232863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12130624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1755397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21354364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154881      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195427      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310270      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130585      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168465      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195448      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89908      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283665      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19124417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1879717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14830321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19144232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1763147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14739222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20581365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68540416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68540416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3393315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18039416     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664970     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089735      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610477      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827803      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254954      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134628      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10730      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94433     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617700     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188562      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718734      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.540669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.531155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21620823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.526460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304442     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645178     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960518      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477738      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437309      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181962      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86621      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244871      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37667695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29142443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1738019                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1556422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1165593                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1149945                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18456035                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              9887414                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1738019                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1250711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2202694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        461512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       758359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1117609                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21738510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19535816     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         341053      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         164542      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         336912      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         103261      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         313340      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          48044      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          77851      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         817691      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21738510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068134                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.387606                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18290129                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       928748                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2198252                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       319635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       159233                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1787                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     11015460                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       319635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18309434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        600001                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       268273                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2178675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        62488                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     10998268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        47438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     14364758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     49778221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     49778221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     11594077                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2770681                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1426                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          144705                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2025483                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       312588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2073                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        70896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         10940476                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1432                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10225790                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2017884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4154549                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21738510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17256226     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1387894      6.38%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1527668      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       875328      4.03%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       444110      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       111898      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129655      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3132      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2599      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21738510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16564     56.93%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6931     23.82%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5602     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7991226     78.15%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77435      0.76%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          703      0.01%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1847080     18.06%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309346      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10225790                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.400871                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29097                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42225998                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12959820                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9963599                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10254887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7924                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8887                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       319635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        530273                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7556                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10941918                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2025483                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          231                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93737                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       147608                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10100221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1822266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       125569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2131585                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1538378                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           309319                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.395948                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              9966365                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             9963599                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6036038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        12987702                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.390593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.464750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7944545                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      8909194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2033167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       138283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21418875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18119307     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1284206      6.00%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       836412      3.91%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       261518      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       441334      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84090      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53045      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48150      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290813      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21418875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      7944545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      8909194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1909574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1605873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1370092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         7775539                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       108138                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       290813                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           32070397                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          22204605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                418303                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3770418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           7944545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             8909194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      7944545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.210873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.210873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.311442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.311442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       47009027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      12942573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11763520                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2210060                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202510                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846797                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807886                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237623                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9496                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19219309                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12121868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2210060                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1045509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2526839                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        565449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1769074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1195222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193576                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23880760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21353921     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         154774      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         195279      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         310048      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         130500      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         168336      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         195315      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          89857      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1282730      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23880760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086639                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.475201                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19110642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1893287                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2514807                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       360803                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       336157                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14819743                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       360803                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19130434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         61924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1776790                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2496198                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        54607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14728760                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         7754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        38058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     20566610                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     68491779                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     68491779                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17175599                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3390987                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3566                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          192703                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382591                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       720763                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       164557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14376840                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13782057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13624                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1766182                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3612965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23880760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18041329     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2663017     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089024      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610035      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827195      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254780      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250172      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134489      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10719      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23880760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94341     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13026     10.88%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12351     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11609359     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188426      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1704      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264317      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718251      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13782057                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119718                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008687                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51578215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16146693                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13419839                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13901775                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266032                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11029                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       360803                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         47068                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14380427                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382591                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720763                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5378                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118907                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114315                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       233222                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13539528                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242563                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1960711                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1913955                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           718148                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530776                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13419939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13419839                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8041841                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        21605338                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.526084                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372215                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9992794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12313541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       204020                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23519957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18306192     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2643267     11.24%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959820      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477401      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437000      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183189      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181829      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86560      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244699      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23519957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9992794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12313541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1826293                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1116559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1784685                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11086332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       254285                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       244699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37655652                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29121770                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                293977                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1628168                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9992794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12313541                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9992794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.552732                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.552732                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391737                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391737                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60919105                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18751914                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13702091                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1743853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1572768                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93779                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       781483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         621937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4119                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18517643                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10965164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1743853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       718131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2168151                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        294331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2353792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1064648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23237814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21069663     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          77245      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         157851      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          67382      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         358611      1.54%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         321649      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          62882      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         129819      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         992712      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23237814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068362                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.429856                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18326733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2546077                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2160179                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         6827                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       197993                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       153581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12857262                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       197993                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18351769                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2338633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       120153                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2144457                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        84804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12849382                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           68                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        41486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        27807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3026                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15096729                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     60512463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     60512463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13353439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1743278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          194107                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3030169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1531632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14015                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        74129                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12822118                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12320624                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7462                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1004603                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2402675                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23237814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18811092     80.95%     80.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1351262      5.81%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1096625      4.72%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472267      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       589232      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558473      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       317831      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25224      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15808      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23237814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30784     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236493     86.23%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6980      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7732211     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107524      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          736      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2952871     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1527282     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12320624                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.482993                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274257                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48160781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13828562                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12214038                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12594881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22751                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          339                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10999                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1082                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       197993                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2276248                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        22673                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12823632                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3030169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1531632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        13787                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          339                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54380                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55154                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       109534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12234185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2943221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4470279                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1602403                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1527058                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.479604                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12214437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12214038                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6599999                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13029671                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.478814                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506536                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9910290                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11646231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1178538                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        95627                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23039821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18799095     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560553      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728048      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       715500      3.11%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       196733      0.85%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       817888      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        61955      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45412      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114637      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23039821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9910290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11646231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4429100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2908467                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1537419                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10356774                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       112766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       114637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35749927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25847568                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                399524                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2271114                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9910290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11646231                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9910290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.573984                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.573984                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.388503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.388503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60477063                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14192231                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15302993                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2213792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1843207                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202842                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809305                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19252112                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12142454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2213792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1047329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2531156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        566349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1727886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           90                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1197252                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193892                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23877570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21346414     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         155039      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         195632      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         310569      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         130745      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         168642      0.71%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         195634      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          89999      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1284896      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23877570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476008                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19143541                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1852335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2519104                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1221                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       361367                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       336733                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14844876                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       361367                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19163369                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         61999                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1735663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2500454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        54714                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14753739                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         7776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        38117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20601523                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     68607938                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     68607938                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17205356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3396130                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1865                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          193075                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1384915                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       721981                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8122                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       164831                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14401226                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13805600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1768729                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3618231                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23877570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18028124     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2667674     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090792      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611086      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       828661      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255199      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250536      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134755      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10743      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23877570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94520     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13053     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12372     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11629222     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188748      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1707      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1266455      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719468      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13805600                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541207                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119945                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51622349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16173634                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13442817                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13925545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10182                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266450                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11035                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       361367                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         47116                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6117                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14404821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1384915                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721981                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1866                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5388                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114479                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       233608                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13562701                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1244670                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1964033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1917250                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           719363                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.531684                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13442918                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13442817                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8055575                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21642175                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.526985                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372217                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10010126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12334818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2070038                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       204356                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23516203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18293412     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2647854     11.26%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       961468      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478221      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437775      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183506      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182149      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86703      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245115      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23516203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10010126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12334818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1829403                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1118460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1720                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1787757                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11105492                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       254720                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       245115                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37675866                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29171120                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                294464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1631358                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10010126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12334818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10010126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.548312                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.548312                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392417                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392417                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       61023380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18784057                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13725364                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3446                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1886369                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1546497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       791336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         735352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8454                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18023735                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10722701                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1886369                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       929326                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2357427                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        529568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1623997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1111523                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185086                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22345036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       19987609     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         254768      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         295416      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         162932      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         185077      0.83%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         103768      0.46%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          71212      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         182292      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1101962      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22345036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073949                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.420351                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17873893                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1777077                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2336965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19201                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       337898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       306239                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1980                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13087324                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10258                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       337898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17903510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        594056                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1101571                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2327241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        80758                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13077859                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        19909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        37620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18173432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     60889045                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     60889045                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15508544                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2664888                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3457                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          219699                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1252663                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       680490                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17310                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       150150                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13054585                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12338247                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1631551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3776288                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          418                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22345036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17147042     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2091118      9.36%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1123211      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       777222      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       679086      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       347039      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85326      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54390      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40602      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22345036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3121     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11561     43.26%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12042     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10325016     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192552      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1511      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1144181      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674987      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12338247                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.483683                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26724                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47066306                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14689744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12129314                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12364971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31061                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224690                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          756                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          403                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       337898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        554189                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13058079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1252663                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       680490                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107562                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       212004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12153367                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1073547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1748316                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1700684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           674769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.476436                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12129626                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12129314                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7209141                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18877485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.475493                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381891                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9108114                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11174754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1883548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3050                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       187218                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22007138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17441440     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2117580      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887201      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       532465      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369383      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       239041      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124003      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99578      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196447      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22007138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9108114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11174754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1693100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1027973                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1522                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1599383                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10074491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       227394                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       196447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           34868928                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          26454518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                277490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3163892                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9108114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11174754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9108114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.800682                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.800682                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.357056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.357056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       54826427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16832267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12216503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3046                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1746946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1576116                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93634                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653725                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         621268                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96025                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18523230                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10985351                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1746946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       717293                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2171207                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        295973                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2372130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1064810                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93863                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23266650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21095443     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          77230      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         157550      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          67328      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         359614      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         321594      1.38%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          62159      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         130323      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         995409      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23266650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068484                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430647                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18314757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2582029                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2163340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6698                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       199821                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       153392                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12880849                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       199821                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18340815                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2386882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       108818                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2147179                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        83130                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12873222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        42004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        28110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          605                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15123480                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     60626103                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     60626103                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     13361322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1762140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          763                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          198184                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3034395                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1532997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        74074                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12845808                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12329729                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1024808                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2473638                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23266650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18839980     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1349110      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094715      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       473737      2.04%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       591518      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558724      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       317683      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25276      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15907      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23266650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31017     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236473     86.16%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6961      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7737136     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107692      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          736      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2955309     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1528856     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12329729                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.483350                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274451                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022259                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48207640                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13872459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12223012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12604180                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22257                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10649                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1081                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       199821                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2322710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        24983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12847322                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3034395                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1532997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14952                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55718                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       109370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12242858                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2945584                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            4474253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1603071                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1528669                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.479944                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12223409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12223012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6605264                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13052740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.479166                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506044                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9917828                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11654798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1193893                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        95437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23066829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18824212     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560989      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       727663      3.15%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       715534      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198061      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       817920      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62078      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45407      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114965      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23066829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9917828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11654798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4434238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             2911895                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1538448                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10364312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       112766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       114965                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35800529                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25897254                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                398925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2242278                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9917828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11654798                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9917828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.572028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.572028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.388798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.388798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60520462                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14200378                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15327457                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1749883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1578562                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       650371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96183                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4082                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18547591                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10999452                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1749883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       718445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2174367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        296713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2387491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1066181                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23310017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21135650     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          77590      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         158003      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          67299      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         359903      1.54%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         321996      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          62178      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         130481      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         996917      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23310017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068599                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.431200                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18350744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2585772                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2166390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         6771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       200335                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       153851                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12898213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       200335                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18376107                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2388450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       109519                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2150240                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        85361                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12890405                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        43835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        28435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          714                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15145813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     60703703                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     60703703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     13383327                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1762396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          197528                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3036994                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1533823                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        74475                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12862831                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12345466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7445                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1025303                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2479441                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23310017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18874843     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1353553      5.81%     86.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1097225      4.71%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474117      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       592600      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558587      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       317698      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25563      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15831      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23310017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30965     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236602     86.19%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6945      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7749723     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107900      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2957332     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529773     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12345466                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.483966                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274512                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022236                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48282906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13889979                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12238383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12619978                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22292                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123158                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          338                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10319                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       200335                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2324108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23464                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12864350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3036994                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533823                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14394                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          338                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       109576                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12258598                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2947706                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86868                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4477307                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1605171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1529601                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.480561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12238796                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12238383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6613623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13068189                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.479769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9931276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11671157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1194490                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        95670                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23109682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18859600     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1564801      6.77%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729187      3.16%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716592      3.10%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198085      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       818487      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62195      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45619      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115116      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23109682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9931276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11671157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4437331                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2913827                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1540752                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10379030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       113068                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       115116                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           35860187                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25931729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                399266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2198911                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9931276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11671157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9931276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.568545                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.568545                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.389325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.389325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60591749                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14221136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15343949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1790376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1463999                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       176859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762441                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183502                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17372881                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10151528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1790376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       888721                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2127295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        512019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       883749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1070103                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       177786                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     20715249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18587954     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         115597      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         182184      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         287985      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         120980      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         135873      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         142754      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          94032      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1047890      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     20715249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070186                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.397960                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17210125                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1048212                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2120651                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         5230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       331029                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       293479                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12394486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       331029                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17235852                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        235563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       737328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2100567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        74908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12385075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        27737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4599                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17193536                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     57602908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     57602908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     14668868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2524645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          225466                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182827                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       635752                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19121                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       144173                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12366256                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11704695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1565307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3488570                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          336                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20715249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15776731     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1983392      9.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1083821      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       740488      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689478      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198568      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       154000      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52723      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36048      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20715249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2803     12.92%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8254     38.04%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10640     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9804393     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184953      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1418      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1082798      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       631133      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11704695                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.458847                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21697                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44161903                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13934911                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11515411                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11726392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35538                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       214749                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20201                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          749                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       331029                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        167061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12369468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182827                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635752                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101353                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       203832                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11537882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1018846                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       166812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1649653                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1624442                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           630807                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.452308                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11515625                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11515411                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6734506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        17580561                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.451427                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.383065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8616228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     10561189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1808328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2857                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       180340                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20384220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16095668     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2076796     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       809006      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       436522      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325385      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181868      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112770      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100325      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245880      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20384220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8616228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     10561189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1583625                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              968074                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1515898                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9516551                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       214576                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       245880                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           32507805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25070114                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                283045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               4793679                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8616228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            10561189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8616228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.960568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.960568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.337773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.337773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       52026984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      15965581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      11562399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         2854                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2209565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1839727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202473                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807676                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9493                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19214922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12119486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2209565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1045239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2526294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        565345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1771863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1194953                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23880431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21354137     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         154736      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         195223      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         309985      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         130451      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         168290      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         195272      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          89832      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1282505      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23880431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19108148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1896066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2514260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       360736                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       336064                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14816714                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       360736                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19127944                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         61920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1779570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2495645                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        54612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14725727                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        38052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     20562597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     68477697                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     68477697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17172186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3390411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          192724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       720578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8102                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       164533                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14373874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13779170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13617                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1765824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3612431                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23880431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18042261     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2662480     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088734      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       609884      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827041      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254730      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250075      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134502      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10724      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23880431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94344     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13024     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12346     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11606969     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188410      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1703      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264018      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718070      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13779170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.540170                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51572102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16143369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13417031                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13898884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       360736                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         47066                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14377461                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5379                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118889                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       233182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13536690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242271                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1960236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1913517                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           717965                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.530665                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13417132                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13417031                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8040227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21600927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372217                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9990762                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12310967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       203983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23519695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18307043     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2642702     11.24%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959615      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477288      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436899      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183154      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181802      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86543      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244649      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23519695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9990762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12310967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1825855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1116296                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1784281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11084016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       254222                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       244649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37652483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29115780                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                293905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1628497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9990762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12310967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9990762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.553251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.553251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391657                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391657                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60906370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18748211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13699319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1742697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1560356                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139498                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1167201                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1151127                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18482680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              9911145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1742697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1252220                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2207936                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        462179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       761222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1119218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     21773766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       19565830     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         341174      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         166277      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         337320      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         102610      0.47%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         313771      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          48168      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          78081      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         820535      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     21773766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068317                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.388536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18316411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       932039                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2203458                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       320131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       160015                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1797                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11044584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       320131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18335897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        607842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       263553                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2183690                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        62649                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11026992                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        47736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     14407080                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     49912537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     49912537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     11624614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2782424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          146044                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2027483                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       313781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1978                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        71192                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         10968570                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1436                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10251620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2023666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4163397                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21773766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17282158     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1390094      6.38%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1530374      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       877342      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       444828      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112754      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130466      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3126      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2624      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21773766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16800     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6955     23.68%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5617     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8013345     78.17%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77791      0.76%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          706      0.01%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1849117     18.04%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       310661      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10251620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.401884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29372                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42313174                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12993704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9988557                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10280992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8859                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       320131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        538500                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10970014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2027483                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       313781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          725                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3734                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93760                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54198                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       147958                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10124185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1823754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2134388                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1542013                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           310634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.396888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              9991238                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             9988557                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6051458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13030679                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.391571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.464401                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7962771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      8931362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039076                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1423                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       138431                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21453635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18146292     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1286912      6.00%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       838619      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       262634      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       441732      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84217      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53165      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48205      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291859      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21453635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      7962771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      8931362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1913124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1608205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               710                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1373337                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         7795410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       108571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       291859                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           32132188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          22261288                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                418513                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3735162                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           7962771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             8931362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      7962771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.203524                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.203524                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.312156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.312156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       47118479                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      12977550                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11790615                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1422                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1882249                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186086                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       789529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8441                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17990494                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10699806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1882249                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       927267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2352491                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        528570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1622653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1109416                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22304839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19952348     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         254225      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         294812      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         162648      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         184699      0.83%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         103455      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          71023      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         181919      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1099710      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22304839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.419453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17841196                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1775178                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2332017                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       337222                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       305576                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1980                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13059957                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10254                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       337222                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17870774                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        586192                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1107771                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2322393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        80485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13050488                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        19826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        37476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18136328                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     60762603                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     60762603                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15477446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2658877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3455                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          218969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1250123                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       679009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       149786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13027670                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3465                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12313392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1627456                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766381                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          423                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22304839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17117261     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2087048      9.36%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1120936      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       775486      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       677800      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346332      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85183      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54288      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40505      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22304839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3119     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11546     43.27%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12019     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10304294     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192142      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1508      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141873      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       673575      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12313392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.482709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26684                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46976283                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14658731                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12104692                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12340076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15218                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          754                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          349                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       337222                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        548357                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13031161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1250123                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8987                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107394                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104330                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       211724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12128599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1744611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1697272                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           673354                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.475465                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12104993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12104692                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7194637                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18839971                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.474528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9089812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11152378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1879003                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3042                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       186950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21967617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17411022     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2113424      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       885473      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531172      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368726      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238585      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123847      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99363      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196005      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21967617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9089812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11152378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1689713                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1025922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1518                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1596224                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10054283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       226941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       196005                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34802928                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26400005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                276990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3204089                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9089812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11152378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9089812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.806321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.806321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.356338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.356338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       54714756                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16798686                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12190476                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3038                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1981637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1621367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195310                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       810193                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777443                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8853                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19079221                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11084906                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1981637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       981767                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2311757                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        534588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       982821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           59                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1168714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195327                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22714397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20402640     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         106958      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         170578      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         231166      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         237917      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         202200      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         113175      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         168148      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1081615      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22714397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077684                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.434550                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18888656                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1179153                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2307400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2689                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       336498                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       326029                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13600628                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       336498                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18940425                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        153707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       906049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2258909                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       118806                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13595223                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        16875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        51314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18968494                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     63244737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     63244737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16416537                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2551957                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1743                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          357603                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1273009                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       688772                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8028                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       220962                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13578797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12886695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1919                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1517573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3637539                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22714397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17219865     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2293692     10.10%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1150929      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839324      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       665860      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271831      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171530      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89530      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11836      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22714397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2654     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7879     36.93%     49.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10804     50.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10839526     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192296      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1166825      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686435      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12886695                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.505184                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21337                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48511043                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15099798                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12691344                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12908032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       206421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10239                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       336498                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        125747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11538                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13582185                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1273009                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688772                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1744                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9746                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112976                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110140                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       223116                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12707245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1097810                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1784187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1804837                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           686377                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.498149                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12691466                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12691344                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7285789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19640521                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.497526                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9569916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11776060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1806127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       197531                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22377899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17508433     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2432516     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901462      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       431012      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384942      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209778      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168162      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82798      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258796      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22377899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9569916                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11776060                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1745121                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1066588                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1698189                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10610132                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       242573                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       258796                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35701225                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27500890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                290769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2794531                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9569916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11776060                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9569916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.665533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.665533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.375159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.375159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       57190724                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17677598                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12606828                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1748214                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1576857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       652160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         621096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18544298                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10993441                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1748214                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       717255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2172145                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        295200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2392320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1065633                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23308133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21135988     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          76828      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         157631      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          67291      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         359125      1.54%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         322043      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          62051      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         131219      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         995957      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23308133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.430964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18353167                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2584877                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2164176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       199107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       153885                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12890674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1472                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       199107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18378479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2386161                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       112761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2148135                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        83485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12883040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        42095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        27991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          505                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     15138383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     60671244                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     60671244                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     13383277                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1755018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          195764                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3035408                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1533917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        74601                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12856205                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1510                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12342957                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7342                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1017956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2458904                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23308133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18875499     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1353432      5.81%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094275      4.69%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474162      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       592204      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558693      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318768      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25200      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15900      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23308133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31005     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236956     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6908      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7747767     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107917      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2956706     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529829     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12342957                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.483868                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274869                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022269                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48276258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13876010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12235936                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12617826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22362                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10413                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       199107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2324238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23154                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12857726                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3035408                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14328                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53522                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       109434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12255669                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2947120                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            4476785                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1605243                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1529665                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.480446                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12236343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12235936                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6613438                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13065484                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.479673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506176                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9931236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11671117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1187831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        95372                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23109026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18858836     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1565532      6.77%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728198      3.15%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716349      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198014      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       819396      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62382      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45738      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114581      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23109026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9931236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11671117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4437326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             2913822                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1540737                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10379005                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       113068                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       114581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35853367                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25917100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                399226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2200795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9931236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11671117                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9931236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.568555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.568555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.389324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.389324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60578004                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      14219136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15337913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2210604                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840510                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202269                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846251                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807952                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237538                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9450                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19226292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12125867                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2210604                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1045490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2527168                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        564113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1764445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           60                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1195231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23881213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21354045     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         154797      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         195715      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         310101      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         129945      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         168245      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         195387      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          89942      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1283036      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23881213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.475358                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19116362                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1888810                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2515083                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       359700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       336287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          294                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14821018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1681                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       359700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19136213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         61796                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1772344                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2496429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        54727                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14729242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         7856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        38027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20570567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     68492920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     68492920                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17191282                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3379279                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3541                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1835                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          193185                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380355                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       721287                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       164749                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3557                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13788954                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1758717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3585920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23881213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18037806     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665248     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090276      4.57%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610799      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826649      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254580      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250515      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134549      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10791      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23881213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94507     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12879     10.76%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12353     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11615811     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188532      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264100      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718806      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13788954                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.540554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119739                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51592125                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16142060                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13428079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13908693                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10201                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       262810                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           90                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10941                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       359700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         47033                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383258                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380355                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721287                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1836                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5323                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           90                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       232921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13547234                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242944                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1961635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1915390                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           718691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.531078                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13428188                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13428079                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8047151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        21614105                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.526407                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372310                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12324668                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2058642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       203767                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18303376     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645228     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960306      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478088      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437534      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183741      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181820      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86557      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244863      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10001874                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12324668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1827890                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1117544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1786285                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11096337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       254504                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       244863                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37659882                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29126340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                293385                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1627715                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10001874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12324668                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10001874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.550415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.550415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.392093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.392093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60954984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18764406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13707308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1979592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619383                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       808033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776740                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204169                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8866                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19051713                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11073184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1979592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       980909                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2309158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        532377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1008327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           73                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1166852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22706168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20397010     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         106985      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         169974      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         231289      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         237506      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         201440      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         113279      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         168494      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1080191      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22706168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.434091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18859097                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1204694                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2304663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       334979                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       325952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13585474                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1538                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       334979                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18910860                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        171771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       913555                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2256191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       118809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13579756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        16881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        51322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18948788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     63172628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     63172628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16407614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2541152                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1745                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          357328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271130                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       688531                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       221146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13563265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1510191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3617521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22706168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17215918     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2291691     10.09%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1150633      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838902      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664880      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271461      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171736      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89161      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11786      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22706168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2631     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7896     37.01%     49.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10806     50.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10829253     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192014      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1166185      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686254      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48480070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15076883                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12680363                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12896652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25875                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205094                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10334                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       334979                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        143698                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13566658                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271130                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688531                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9768                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112613                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109710                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       222323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12696193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1096997                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1783200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1803623                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           686203                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497716                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12680503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12680363                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7278652                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19621945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.497095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9564712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11769726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1796923                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3250                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       196836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22371189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17504641     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2430857     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901182      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430417      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       385033      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209504      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168010      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82818      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258727      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22371189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9564712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11769726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1744230                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1066033                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1697299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10604406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       242444                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       258727                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35679046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27468312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                290337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2802760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9564712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11769726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9564712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.666983                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.666983                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374955                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374955                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       57140274                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17662638                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12594299                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3246                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.417097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.845668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   412.018783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1564.135549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.201181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.763738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      787166644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719971.405183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798638.295045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719971.405183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798638.295045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719971.405183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798638.295045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1881                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.851771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         121411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        30.901247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.812892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.243368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   895.753318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1102.042192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.538107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            584                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 584                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3269                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3270                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1881                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46480816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1440627679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1487108495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46480816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1440627679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1487108495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46480816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1440627679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1487108495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          584                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             584                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.365598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.361648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.365172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.361648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.365172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1602786.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777876.716523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790594.627858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1602786.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777876.716523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790594.627858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1602786.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777876.716523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790594.627858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                275                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     275                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     43934616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1277985050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321919666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     43934616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1277985050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321919666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     43934616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1277985050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321919666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1514986.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 690056.722462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702774.942052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1514986.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 690056.722462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702774.942052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1514986.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 690056.722462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702774.942052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.418453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         182390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        62.143101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.418453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.848954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   411.953947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1564.197099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.016040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.201149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.763768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2778                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104604184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    701666430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     806270614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104604184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    701666430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      806270614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104604184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    701666430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     806270614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              3652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               3668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              3668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.235115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2682158.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 826462.226148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907962.403153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2682158.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 826462.226148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 907962.403153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2682158.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 826462.226148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 907962.403153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101179984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    627124230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    728304214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101179984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    627124230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    728304214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101179984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    627124230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    728304214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.235115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2594358.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 738662.226148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820162.403153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2594358.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 738662.226148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820162.403153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2594358.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 738662.226148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820162.403153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3043                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.936421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         154685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        30.384011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.553244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.125462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1110.669322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         918.588393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.542319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.448529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4124                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4125                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3010                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3043                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62913315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2880740706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2943654021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8142132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8142132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62913315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2888882838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     2951796153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62913315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2888882838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    2951796153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.424526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.424526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1906464.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 958968.277630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969263.754034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1357022                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1357022                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1906464.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 959761.740199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 970028.311863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1906464.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 959761.740199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 970028.311863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                542                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     542                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60015218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2616935560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2676950778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7615332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7615332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60015218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2624550892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2684566110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60015218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2624550892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2684566110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1818642.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 871150.319574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881445.761607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1269222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1269222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1818642.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 871943.817940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882210.354913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1818642.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 871943.817940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882210.354913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.415914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         182396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        62.145145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.415914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.844919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   412.387671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1563.767410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.201361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.763558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  2770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   2786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2784                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  2786                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101694535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    678072740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     779767275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101694535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    678072740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      779767275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101694535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    678072740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     779767275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              3658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               3674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              3674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.242756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2607552.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 798672.249706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 878116.300676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2607552.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 798672.249706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 878116.300676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2607552.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 798672.249706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 878116.300676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     98270335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    603521486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    701791821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     98270335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    603521486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    701791821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     98270335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    603521486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    701791821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2519752.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 710861.585395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790306.104730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2519752.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 710861.585395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790306.104730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2519752.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 710861.585395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790306.104730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1669                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.499898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         180070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        48.444983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.741691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.629592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   718.993034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1254.135580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.351071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.612371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3342                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3343                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1668                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58050649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1371246146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1429296795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2246755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2246755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58050649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1373492901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1431543550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58050649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1373492901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1431543550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.329099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.328376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.328376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707372.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 840224.354167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857921.245498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1123377.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1123377.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707372.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 840570.930845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 858239.538369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707372.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 840570.930845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 858239.538369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                957                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     957                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55065449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1227956546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283021995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2071155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55065449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1230027701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285093150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55065449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1230027701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285093150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.329099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.328376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.328376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1619572.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 752424.354167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770121.245498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1035577.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035577.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1619572.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 752770.930845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770439.538369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1619572.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 752770.930845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770439.538369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3057                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.936491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         154683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        30.300294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.537681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.762884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1111.083730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         918.552196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.542521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.448512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4125                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4126                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3057                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58743137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2896396088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2955139225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7177764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7177764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58743137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2903573852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2962316989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58743137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2903573852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2962316989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1780095.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 959707.119947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968580.539167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1196294                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1196294                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1780095.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 960176.538360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969027.474321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1780095.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 960176.538360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969027.474321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                547                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     547                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55844794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2631334458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2687179252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6650240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6650240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55844794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2637984698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2693829492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55844794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2637984698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2693829492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1692266.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871880.204771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880753.606031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1108373.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1108373.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1692266.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 872349.437169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881200.357213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1692266.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 872349.437169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881200.357213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3058                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.936210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        30.296514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.554618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.627552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1113.205625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         916.548414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.543557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.447533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1259                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1259                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4131                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4132                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3028                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3060                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64252090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2885354604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2949606694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6514221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6514221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64252090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2891868825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     2956120915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64252090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2891868825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    2956120915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              7186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1259                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1259                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               7192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              7192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2007877.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 954783.125083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965817.516045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1085703.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1085703.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2007877.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 955042.544584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966052.586601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2007877.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 955042.544584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966052.586601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                545                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     545                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61442490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2620157680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2681600170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5986453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5986453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61442490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2626144133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2687586623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61442490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2626144133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2687586623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1920077.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 867027.690271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878061.614276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 997742.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 997742.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1920077.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 867286.701783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878296.282026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1920077.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 867286.701783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878296.282026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2899                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.588519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         123128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         4947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        24.889428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.212260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.333142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   841.239643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1174.803474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.410762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.573635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3425                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3426                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2865                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2899                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43378798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2639170167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2682548965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4992940                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4992940                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43378798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2644163107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     2687541905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43378798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2644163107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    2687541905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              6313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               6325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              6325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1275847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922464.231737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926614.495682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1248235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1248235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1275847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922919.060035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927058.263194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1275847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922919.060035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927058.263194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40393598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2388038989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2428432587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4641740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4641740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40393598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2392680729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2433074327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40393598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2392680729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2433074327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1188047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 834686.818944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838836.817617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1160435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1160435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1188047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 835141.615707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839280.554329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1188047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 835141.615707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839280.554329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.415267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         182390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        62.143101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.415267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.839099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   411.541783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1564.619118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.016035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.200948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.763974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2778                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    697744752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     804956078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    697744752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      804956078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    697744752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     804956078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.235115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821843.053004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 906482.069820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821843.053004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 906482.069820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821843.053004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 906482.069820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    622812313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    726590439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    622812313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    726590439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    622812313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    726590439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.235115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733583.407538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818232.476351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733583.407538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818232.476351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733583.407538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818232.476351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1878                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.831516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         121425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        30.928426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.817728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.958721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   896.898234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1102.156833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.538163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            583                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 583                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3284                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3285                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1878                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31658933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1416732692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1448391625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31658933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1416732692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1448391625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31658933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1416732692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1448391625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          583                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             583                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1172553.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 765387.732037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 771241.546858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1172553.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 765387.732037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 771241.546858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1172553.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 765387.732037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 771241.546858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                273                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     273                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     29288333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1254214892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283503225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     29288333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1254214892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283503225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     29288333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1254214892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283503225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1084753.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 677587.732037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683441.546858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1084753.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 677587.732037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683441.546858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1084753.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 677587.732037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683441.546858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1661                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.497355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         180058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        48.546239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.764579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.658388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   718.007691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1255.066697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.350590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.612826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3333                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3334                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1660                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65473558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1389271579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1454745137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1622780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1622780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65473558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1390894359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1456367917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65473558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1390894359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1456367917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1925692.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855462.794951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877409.612183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       811390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       811390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1925692.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855408.584871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877330.070482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1925692.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855408.584871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877330.070482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                952                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     952                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62487204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1246626872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309114076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1447180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1447180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62487204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1248074052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1310561256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62487204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1248074052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1310561256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837858.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 767627.384236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789574.231604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       723590                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       723590                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837858.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 767573.217712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789494.732530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837858.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 767573.217712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789494.732530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1160                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.544394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         158769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        49.491584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.267788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.984094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   547.860809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1439.431703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.016106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.267510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.702848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2687                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2689                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1119                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1160                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104761995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    899909222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1004671217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104761995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    899909222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1004671217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104761995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    899909222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1004671217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              3834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               3849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              3849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2555170.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804208.420018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866095.876724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2555170.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804208.420018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866095.876724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2555170.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804208.420018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866095.876724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                492                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     492                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101161661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    801152195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    902313856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101161661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    801152195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    902313856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101161661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    801152195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    902313856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2467357.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716594.092129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778527.917170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2467357.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716594.092129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778527.917170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2467357.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716594.092129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778527.917170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3070                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.935138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         154701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        30.226846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.554482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.927972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1116.381740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         913.070944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.545108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.445835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4135                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4136                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3072                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78572209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2885685539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2964257748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9045805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9045805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78572209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2894731344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2973303553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78572209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2894731344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2973303553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              7202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               7208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              7208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2310947.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 951743.251649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966815.964775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1507634.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1507634.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2310947.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952841.127057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 967872.250326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2310947.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952841.127057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 967872.250326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                546                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     546                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75586465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2619614792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2695201257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8519005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8519005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75586465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2628133797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2703720262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75586465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2628133797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2703720262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2223131.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 863989.047493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879061.075342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1419834.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1419834.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2223131.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865086.832456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880117.272786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2223131.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865086.832456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880117.272786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          891                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.452663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         182405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        62.084752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.452663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.954368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   413.011388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1563.034244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.016091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.201666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.763200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  2775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            859                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 859                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   2790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2788                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  2790                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 891                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94605367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    698285618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     792890985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94605367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    698285618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      792890985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94605367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    698285618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     792890985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              3666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          859                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             859                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               3681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              3681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.234823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2365134.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820547.142186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889888.872054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2365134.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820547.142186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889888.872054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2365134.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820547.142186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889888.872054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                472                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     472                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91092161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    623552598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    714644759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91092161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    623552598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    714644759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91092161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    623552598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    714644759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.234823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2277304.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732729.257344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802070.436588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2277304.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732729.257344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802070.436588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2277304.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732729.257344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802070.436588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1159                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.543364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         158765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        49.505769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.265444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.156160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   547.031125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1440.090636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.016190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.267105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.703169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2685                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1159                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93116300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    918441415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1011557715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93116300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    918441415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1011557715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93116300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    918441415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1011557715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              3829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               3844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              3844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2271129.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821503.949016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872784.913719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2271129.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821503.949016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 872784.913719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2271129.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821503.949016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 872784.913719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89515974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    819775581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    909291555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89515974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    819775581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    909291555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89515974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    819775581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909291555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2183316.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 733908.308863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785225.867876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2183316.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 733908.308863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785225.867876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2183316.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 733908.308863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785225.867876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.839691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2018556.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.839691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.688546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.252884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              551.049050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              917845015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1647836.651706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.856814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.192236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.039835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1117570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1117570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1117570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1117570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1117570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1117570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52394018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52394018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52394018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52394018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52394018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52394018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1117609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1117609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1117609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1117609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1117609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1117609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1343436.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1343436.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1343436.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1343436.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1343436.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1343436.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46816002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46816002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46816002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46816002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46816002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46816002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1560533.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1560533.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1560533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1560533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1560533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1560533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              204652341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             38060.692022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   191.239623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    64.760377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.747030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.252970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1670327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1670327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       302244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1972571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1972571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1972571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1972571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8096806450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8096806450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2161010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2161010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8098967460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8098967460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8098967460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8098967460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1688460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1688460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       302270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1990730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1990730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1990730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1990730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446523.269729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446523.269729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83115.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83115.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446002.943995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446002.943995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446002.943995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446002.943995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1670146797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1670146797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1670531397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1670531397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1670531397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1670531397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 326519.412903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326519.412903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 326211.950205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326211.950205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 326211.950205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326211.950205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              490.841786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001203259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2018554.957661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.841786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.057439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1195159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1195159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1195159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1195159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1195159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    168622157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168622157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    168622157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    168622157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    168622157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    168622157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1195220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1195220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1195220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2764297.655738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2764297.655738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2764297.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2764297.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2764297.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2764297.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1895996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       947998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105059623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105059623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105059623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105059623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105059623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105059623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2562429.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562429.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2562429.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562429.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2562429.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562429.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148427954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 3883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             38225.071852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   220.272185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    35.727815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.860438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.139562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       951830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       706180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1658010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1658010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         9320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         9320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2093078113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2093078113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6104623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6104623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2099182736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2099182736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2099182736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2099182736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       961076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       706254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1667330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1667330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1667330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1667330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226376.607506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226376.607506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82494.905405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82494.905405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225234.199142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225234.199142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225234.199142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225234.199142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    888803562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    888803562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1122402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1122402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    889925964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    889925964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    889925964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    889925964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 246137.790640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246137.790640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 70150.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70150.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245361.445823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245361.445823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245361.445823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245361.445823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              566.160344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1028779912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1782980.783362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.380386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.779957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1064591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1064591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1064591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1064591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1064591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1064591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91290733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91290733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91290733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91290733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91290733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91290733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1064648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1064648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1064648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1064648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1064648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1064648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601591.807018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1601591.807018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601591.807018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1601591.807018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601591.807018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1601591.807018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63251315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63251315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63251315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63251315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63251315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63251315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1860332.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860332.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1860332.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860332.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1860332.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860332.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              405032291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             54808.158457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.020570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.979430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2776503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2776503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1519114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1519114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4295617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4295617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4295617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4295617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        25825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        25845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        25845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        25845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        25845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12084979448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12084979448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     26342742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26342742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12111322190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12111322190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12111322190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12111322190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2802328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2802328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1519134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1519134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4321462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4321462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4321462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4321462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 467956.609797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467956.609797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1317137.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1317137.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 468613.743084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 468613.743084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 468613.743084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 468613.743084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3187704374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3187704374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8191932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8191932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3195896306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195896306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3195896306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195896306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 447208.806678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447208.806678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1365322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1365322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 447980.979254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447980.979254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 447980.979254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447980.979254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              490.844061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001205292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2018559.056452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.844061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1197192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1197192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1197192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1197192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1197192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1197192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    150122989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150122989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    150122989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150122989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    150122989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150122989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1197250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1197250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1197250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1197250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1197250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1197250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2588327.396552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2588327.396552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2588327.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2588327.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2588327.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2588327.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2927163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585432.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102163147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102163147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102163147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102163147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102163147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102163147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2491784.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2491784.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2491784.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2491784.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2491784.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2491784.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3633                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148430777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 3889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             38166.823605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   220.257433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    35.742567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.860381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.139619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       953440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        953440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       707385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1660825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1660825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1660825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1660825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2044764401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2044764401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6116706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6116706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2050881107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2050881107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2050881107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2050881107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       962701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       707459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1723                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1723                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1670160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1670160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1670160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1670160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220793.046215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220793.046215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82658.189189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82658.189189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 219698.029673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219698.029673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 219698.029673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219698.029673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    865580529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865580529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1124807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    866705336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    866705336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    866705336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    866705336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239308.965717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239308.965717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 70300.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70300.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 238564.639692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238564.639692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 238564.639692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238564.639692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              512.442063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              999331216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1932942.390716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.442063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.048785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1111471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1111471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1111471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1111471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1111471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1111471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86057337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86057337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86057337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86057337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86057337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86057337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1111523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1111523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1111523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1111523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1111523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1111523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1654948.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1654948.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1654948.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1654948.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1654948.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1654948.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58399216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58399216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58399216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58399216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58399216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58399216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1668549.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668549.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1668549.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668549.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1668549.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668549.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              157955132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             30190.201070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.717017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.282983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.873895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.126105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       784203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        784203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       661370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       661370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1445573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1445573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1445573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1445573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7018597950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7018597950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    384620569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    384620569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7403218519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7403218519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7403218519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7403218519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       801416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       801416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       661869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1463285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1463285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1463285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1463285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 407749.837332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407749.837332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770782.703407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 770782.703407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417977.558661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417977.558661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417977.558661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417977.558661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4722091                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 944418.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1603458447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1603458447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3224855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3224855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1606683302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1606683302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1606683302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1606683302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323343.102843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323343.102843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 189697.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189697.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 322886.515675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322886.515675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 322886.515675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322886.515675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              565.707982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1028780086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1782981.084922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.488124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   542.219858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1064765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1064765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1064765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1064765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1064765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1064765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78575880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78575880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78575880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78575880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78575880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78575880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1064810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1064810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1064810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1064810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1064810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1064810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1746130.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1746130.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1746130.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1746130.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1746130.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1746130.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        53453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        53453                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59081137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59081137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59081137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59081137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59081137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59081137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1737680.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737680.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1737680.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737680.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1737680.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737680.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              405036754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             54697.738555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.009121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.990879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2779256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1520824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1520824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4300080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4300080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4300080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4300080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        25954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        25954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12178754561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12178754561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23765372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23765372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12202519933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12202519933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12202519933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12202519933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2805190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1520844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1520844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4326034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4326034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4326034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4326034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 469605.713002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 469605.713002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1188268.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1188268.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 470159.510403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470159.510403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 470159.510403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470159.510403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18805                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18805                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3203437680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3203437680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7227564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7227564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3210665244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3210665244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3210665244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3210665244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448472.305754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448472.305754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1204594                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204594                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 449106.902224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449106.902224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 449106.902224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449106.902224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              565.117709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1028781457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1786078.918403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.339884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.777825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.037404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1066136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1066136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1066136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1066136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1066136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1066136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82806416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82806416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82806416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82806416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82806416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82806416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1066181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1066181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1066181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1066181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1066181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1066181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1840142.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1840142.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1840142.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1840142.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1840142.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1840142.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64581790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64581790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64581790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64581790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64581790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64581790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1957023.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1957023.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1957023.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1957023.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1957023.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1957023.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              405039541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             54639.085525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.990103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.009897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2780881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2780881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1521981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4302862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4302862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4302862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4302862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        26088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        26088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12134425980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12134425980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21111098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21111098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12155537078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12155537078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12155537078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12155537078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2806949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2806949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1522001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1522001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4328950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4328950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4328950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4328950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 465491.252877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 465491.252877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1055554.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1055554.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 465943.616912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465943.616912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 465943.616912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465943.616912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18929                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18929                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3192931593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3192931593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6564021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6564021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3199495614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3199495614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3199495614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3199495614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 446376.568293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446376.568293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1094003.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1094003.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 446919.348233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446919.348233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 446919.348233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446919.348233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.037339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1003737727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1911881.384762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.037339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.043329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1070046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1070046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1070046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1070046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1070046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60572768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60572768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60572768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60572768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60572768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60572768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1070103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1070103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1070103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1062680.140351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1062680.140351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1062680.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1062680.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1062680.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1062680.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43753156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43753156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43753156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43753156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43753156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43753156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1250090.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1250090.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1250090.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1250090.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1250090.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1250090.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 6289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166741878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             25476.222765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.072417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.927583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.887002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.112998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       740729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        740729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       612598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       612598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1353327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1353327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1353327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1353327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        16680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        16680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7356505236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7356505236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     45453246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45453246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7401958482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7401958482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7401958482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7401958482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       757337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       757337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       612670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       612670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1370007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1370007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1370007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1370007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442949.496387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442949.496387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 631295.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631295.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443762.498921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443762.498921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443762.498921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443762.498921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2887720693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2887720693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5538940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5538940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2893259633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2893259633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2893259633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2893259633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459974.624562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459974.624562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 461578.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461578.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459977.684102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459977.684102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459977.684102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459977.684102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              490.828164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001202992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2018554.419355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.828164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1194892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1194892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1194892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1194951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1194951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1194951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1194951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1194951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1194951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3561518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 890379.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148427553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             38224.968581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.201874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.798126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.860164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.139836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       951600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       706009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1657609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1657609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1657609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1657609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2080213141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2080213141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6124799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6124799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086337940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2086337940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086337940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2086337940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       960845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       960845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       706083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1666928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1666928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1666928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1666928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 225009.533910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225009.533910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82767.554054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82767.554054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    884867616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    884867616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1126404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1126404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    885994020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885994020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    885994020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885994020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245047.802825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245047.802825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70400.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70400.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.065774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              917846625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1653777.702703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.874768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.191006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1119180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1119180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1119180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1119180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1119180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1119180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35494404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35494404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35494404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     35494404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35494404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     35494404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1119218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1119218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1119218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1119218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1119218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 934063.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934063.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 934063.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934063.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 934063.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934063.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31967141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31967141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31967141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31967141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     31967141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31967141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1141683.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1141683.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1141683.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1141683.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1141683.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1141683.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              204654412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37962.235578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   190.821139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    65.178861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.745395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.254605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1671182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1671182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       303457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1974639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1974639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1974639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1974639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8016931361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8016931361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2208625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2208625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8019139986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8019139986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8019139986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8019139986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1689342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1689342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       303483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1992825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1992825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1992825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1992825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441460.978029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441460.978029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84947.115385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84947.115385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440951.280435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440951.280435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440951.280435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440951.280435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1647176285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1647176285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1647560885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1647560885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1647560885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1647560885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 321149.597387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321149.597387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 320849.247322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320849.247322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 320849.247322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320849.247322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              512.439590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              999329108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1932938.313346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.439590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1109363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1109363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1109363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1109363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1109363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97049773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97049773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97049773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97049773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97049773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97049773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1109416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1109416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1109416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1831127.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1831127.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1831127.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1831127.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1831127.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1831127.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65829482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65829482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65829482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65829482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65829482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65829482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1880842.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880842.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1880842.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880842.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1880842.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880842.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4959                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              157952112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             30288.036817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.707759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.292241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.873858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.126142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       782519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        782519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       660040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1442559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1442559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1442559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1442559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7076551778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7076551778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    296821922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    296821922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7373373700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7373373700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7373373700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7373373700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       799677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       799677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       660539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       660539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1460216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1460216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1460216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1460216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 412434.536543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412434.536543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 594833.511022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 594833.511022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417589.267713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417589.267713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417589.267713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417589.267713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4098002                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 819600.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1620848628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1620848628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2600880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2600880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1623449508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623449508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1623449508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623449508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327974.226629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327974.226629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152992.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152992.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327374.371446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327374.371446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327374.371446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327374.371446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              512.673807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              998081117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1926797.523166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.673807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1168646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1168646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1168646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1168646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1168646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1168646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    137142615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137142615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    137142615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    137142615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    137142615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    137142615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1168712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1168712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1168712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1168712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1168712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1168712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2077918.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2077918.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2077918.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2077918.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2077918.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2077918.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2913562                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 582712.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105282594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105282594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105282594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105282594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105282594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105282594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2448432.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2448432.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2448432.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2448432.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2448432.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2448432.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              152107664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             37446.495323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   222.839285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    33.160715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.870466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.129534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       803392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       675325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       675325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1478717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1478717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1478717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1478717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        12300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        12300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3956942338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3956942338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7142761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7142761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3964085099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3964085099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3964085099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3964085099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       815606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       675411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1491017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1491017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1491017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1491017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323967.769609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 323967.769609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83055.360465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83055.360465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 322283.341382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 322283.341382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 322283.341382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 322283.341382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1083137562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1083137562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       992993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       992993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1084130555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1084130555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1084130555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1084130555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 285712.888948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285712.888948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66199.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66199.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 284847.754861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284847.754861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 284847.754861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284847.754861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              565.465300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1028780904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1779897.757785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.687373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.777927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.037961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1065583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1065583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1065583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1065583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1065583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1065583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102633400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102633400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102633400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102633400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102633400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102633400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1065633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1065633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1065633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1065633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1065633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1065633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2052668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2052668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2052668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2052668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2052668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2052668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       708226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       708226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78934709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78934709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78934709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78934709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78934709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78934709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2255277.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255277.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2255277.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255277.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2255277.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255277.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              405038866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             54535.999192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   110.982789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   145.017211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2780207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2780207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1521981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4302188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4302188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4302188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4302188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        26109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        26129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        26129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        26129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        26129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12128136987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12128136987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31242115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31242115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12159379102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12159379102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12159379102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12159379102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2806316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2806316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1522001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1522001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4328317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4328317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4328317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4328317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 464519.398943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 464519.398943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1562105.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1562105.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465359.527804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465359.527804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465359.527804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465359.527804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3193659655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3193659655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9095605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9095605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202755260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202755260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202755260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202755260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 445606.202735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445606.202735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1515934.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515934.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446501.500070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446501.500070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446501.500070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446501.500070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              490.688222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001203268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2014493.496982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.688222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1195168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1195168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    139496595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139496595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    139496595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    139496595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    139496595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    139496595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2286829.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2286829.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2286829.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2286829.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2286829.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2286829.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2278979                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 759659.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95068072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95068072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95068072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2263525.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263525.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2263525.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263525.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2263525.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263525.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148428636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 3895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             38107.480359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.238133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    35.761867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.860305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.139695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       951913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       706803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         9339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         9339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2104768654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2104768654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5408592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5408592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2110177246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2110177246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2110177246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2110177246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       961189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       706866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1668055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1668055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 226904.770806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226904.770806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85850.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85850.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 225953.233323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225953.233323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 225953.233323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225953.233323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    886060513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    886060513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1042340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1042340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    887102853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    887102853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    887102853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    887102853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 244497.934051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244497.934051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69489.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69489.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243776.546579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243776.546579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243776.546579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243776.546579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              512.475748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998079263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1926793.944015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.475748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.060057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1166792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1166792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1166792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1166792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1166792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107020229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107020229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107020229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107020229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107020229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107020229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1166849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1166849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1166849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1166849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1166849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1166849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1877547.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1877547.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1877547.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1877547.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1877547.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1877547.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1984473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 330745.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93620320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93620320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93620320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93620320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93620320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93620320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2177216.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177216.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2177216.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177216.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2177216.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177216.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              152106763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             37492.423712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   222.844329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    33.155671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.870486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.129514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       802826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        802826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       674992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1477818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1477818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1477818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1477818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        12312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        12312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4041896285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4041896285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7148431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7148431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4049044716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4049044716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4049044716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4049044716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       815052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       675078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1490130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1490130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1490130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1490130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 330598.420170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330598.420170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83121.290698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83121.290698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328869.778752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 328869.778752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328869.778752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 328869.778752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1101428672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101428672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       975938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1102404610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102404610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1102404610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102404610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 290921.466455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290921.466455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65062.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65062.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 290030.152591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290030.152591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 290030.152591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290030.152591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
