
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 385532                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   494842                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  48604                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30876.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11903928629                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279056242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        87936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        87424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        87040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               690688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           42496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       344704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            344704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     58595384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17058336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17228919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     41622340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     58254218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2047000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17228919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     57998342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               460233906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2047000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           28316838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         229690495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              229690495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         229690495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     58595384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17058336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17228919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     41622340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     58254218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2047000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17228919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     57998342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              689924400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         207054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86736                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          952                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1225005                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            207054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        99942                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              251730                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         67742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       213703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          125510                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2524610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2272880     90.03%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          13281      0.53%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          21296      0.84%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          31928      1.26%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13193      0.52%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          15779      0.63%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          16051      0.64%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          11562      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         128640      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2524610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.057537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.340409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1987442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       240932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          249911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1455                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33563                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          332                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1485701                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1992511                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        104961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       119626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          246431                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        16200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1482503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1591                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2027590                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6910562                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6910562                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1679435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         347946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          321                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           45678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       150190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        83551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4325                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1477552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          320                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1382176                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220197                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       507015                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2524610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1934306     76.62%     76.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240205      9.51%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132728      5.26%     91.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86669      3.43%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78718      3.12%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24327      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17573      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6109      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3975      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2524610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           376     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1309     40.56%     52.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1542     47.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1137711     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25428      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137017      9.91%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81867      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1382176                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.384084                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3227                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002335                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294475                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357211                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1385403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6534                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5718                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1144                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         89486                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1477872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           81                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          168                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13221                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362290                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129820                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         184669                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81720                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.378558                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1357302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1357211                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          803506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2036859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.377147                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394483                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251763                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2479741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1982199     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236959      9.56%     89.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98307      3.96%     93.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50512      2.04%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37590      1.52%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21526      0.87%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13013      0.52%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11147      0.45%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28488      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2479741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1006395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1227110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               196734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              118909                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           170383                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1109435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        23922                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        28488                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3930126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3002821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 35720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1074015                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1006395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1227110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1006395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.575758                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.575758                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.279661                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.279661                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6184414                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1853924                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1408165                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         271283                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       222277                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110386                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         104051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27376                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1255                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2599527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1547957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            271283                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       131427                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              339198                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         81316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       224990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          161760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28210                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      3216056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2876858     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          36262      1.13%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          42170      1.31%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          23169      0.72%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          26196      0.81%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          14917      0.46%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          10327      0.32%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          26456      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         159701      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      3216056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2577575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       247671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          336216                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        51890                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        43997                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          452                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1888576                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2449                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        51890                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2582085                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       214047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          334331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1886360                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2622751                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8779522                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8779522                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      2209886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         412865                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          283                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           34531                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       180774                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        97288                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        20669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1880883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1768308                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2408                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       251629                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       588533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           67                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3216056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2470892     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       299457      9.31%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161614      5.03%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       111554      3.47%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97137      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49467      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12280      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7842      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5813      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3216056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           444     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1781     45.19%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1716     43.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1480905     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27610      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          215      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       163204      9.23%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96374      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1768308                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.491350                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002229                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6759021                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2133055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1737405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1772249                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4491                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2642                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          163                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        51890                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         15849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1881392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       180774                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97288                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          284                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15748                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16302                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        32050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1741131                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             249629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         242879                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            96332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.483798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1737504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1737405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         1033453                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2707062                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.482763                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1297278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1591772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       289636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        28332                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3164166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2513505     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       301831      9.54%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126925      4.01%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75599      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52412      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33929      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17848      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14023      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28094      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3164166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1297278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1591772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               241028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              146382                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           227825                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1435050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        32398                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            5017467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3814712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 41720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                382824                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1297278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1591772                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1297278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.774178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.774178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.360467                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.360467                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7852061                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2413798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1761056                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         269751                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110010                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103123                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27284                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2586359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1539688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            269751                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       130407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              337036                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         81532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       223089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          160983                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3199093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2862057     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          35980      1.12%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          41764      1.31%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          22986      0.72%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25807      0.81%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          14816      0.46%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          10375      0.32%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          26403      0.83%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         158905      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3199093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.074954                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.427824                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2564207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       245958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          333986                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2777                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        52161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        43756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1878507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        52161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2568783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         32247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       201538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          332179                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1876341                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2609540                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      8732961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      8732961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      2195075                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         414450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           34607                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       179728                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        96914                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2309                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        20593                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1871428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          497                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758457                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2518                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       252979                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       590528                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3199093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2458081     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297960      9.31%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160820      5.03%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110531      3.46%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96576      3.02%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49262      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12205      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7844      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5814      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3199093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           426     10.86%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1784     45.50%     56.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1711     43.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472512     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27440      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162342      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95949      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758457                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.488612                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002230                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6722446                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2124947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1727339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4521                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34305                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2867                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           93                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        52161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         27669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1871936                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179728                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96914                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          281                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15642                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        32019                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1730980                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             248214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         241389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            95907                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.480977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1727458                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1727339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         1027655                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2691331                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.479966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1288702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1581157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       290819                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        28353                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3146932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2500578     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299903      9.53%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126262      4.01%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74780      2.38%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52107      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33689      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17749      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13889      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27975      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3146932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1288702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1581157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               239470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              145423                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           226283                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1425499                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        32176                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4990920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3796118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 41704                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                399787                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1288702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1581157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1288702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.792639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.792639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.358084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.358084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7806344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2400204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1751720                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         316168                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30210                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113403                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33704                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2744436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1734044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            316168                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       147107                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              360549                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         84820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       201812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          171764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3361125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        3000576     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          21892      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          27657      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          44092      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          18090      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          23860      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          27910      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12922      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         184126      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3361125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.087852                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.481829                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2728352                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       219637                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          358837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        54112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        48029                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      2118797                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        54112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2731553                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          7857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       203714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          355811                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      2105208                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2941514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      9785537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      9785537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      2433972                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         507440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           29349                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       198234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       102328                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        23113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054107                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552409                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530853     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377870     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155137      4.62%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86796      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117458      3.49%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36610      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35761      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19113      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1527      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3361125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13644     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652788     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180433      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101902      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.545166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7304680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2320181                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908809                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        54112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          5981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102328                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        34512                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176935                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             278809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         272000                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           101874                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.535294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1908851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1908809                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         1143222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         3071010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.530390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        30262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3307013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567752     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375151     11.34%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136002      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67627      2.04%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61853      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26142      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25622      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12156      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34708      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3307013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1415996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1744646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               258519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              158126                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           252923                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1570669                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        36003                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        34708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            5326835                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           4163282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 42866                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                237755                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1415996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1744646                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1415996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.541589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.541589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        8665510                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2669392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1958231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         255619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154430                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2626877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1447714                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            255619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       171085                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              320384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         73865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        92768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          161237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2770581     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          45583      1.47%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          26379      0.85%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          44834      1.45%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          16694      0.54%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          41194      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7270      0.24%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          12503      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         125927      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3090965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.071027                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.402268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2606033                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       114551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          319492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        26701                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1638704                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2608808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         65173                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        41175                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          316832                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1635249                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2165341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7441570                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7441570                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1718448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         446876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       277006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        51767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        11610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1623781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1506978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       668341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.111274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2434121     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215178      6.96%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207569      6.72%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123881      4.01%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69591      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18448      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21245      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          421      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2889     58.29%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.14%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          920     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193124     79.17%     79.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12850      0.85%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249771     16.57%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51118      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1506978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.418735                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6111445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465439                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1511934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        50463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         56988                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484251                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245177                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             296271                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         223235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            51094                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.412420                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1466101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1465439                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          883216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2001501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.407193                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.441277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1304937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       319136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2546162     83.74%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199966      6.58%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122163      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39957      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62848      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13466      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8815      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7838      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39287      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1145644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1304937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               265576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              215603                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           198711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1145059                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        17751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        39287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4625275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3298655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 59671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                507915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1145644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1304937                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1145644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.141360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.141360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.318333                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.318333                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6867419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1928687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1706095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         316450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121008                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33730                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2746602                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1735589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            316450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       147222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              360861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         84913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       198970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          171907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2999962     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          21906      0.65%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          27686      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          44137      1.31%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          18098      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          23874      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          27929      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12927      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         184304      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3360823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.087930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.482258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2730497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       216819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          359146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        48061                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      2120660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2733704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          7889                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       200853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          356114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      2107044                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2944180                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      9794053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      9794053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      2436058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         508092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           29387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       198400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       102401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        23131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          2055865                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1963663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265838                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       553074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.584280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529863     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378168     11.25%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155273      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86871      2.58%     93.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117547      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36646      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35794      1.07%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19134      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1527      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13658     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.78%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1654212     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26651      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180584      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101975      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1963663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.545632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17274                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7307745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2322227                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1910436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1980937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          6005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2056369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        34548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1928092                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177081                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             279028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         272231                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           101947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.535748                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1910478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1910436                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         1144238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         3073689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.530842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1417182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1746107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        30293                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.528059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566804     77.63%     77.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375430     11.35%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136124      4.12%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67673      2.05%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61897      1.87%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26165      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25640      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12171      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34745      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1417182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1746107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               258734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              158264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           253136                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1571976                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        36030                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        34745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            5328266                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           4166938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 42905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                238057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1417182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1746107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1417182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.539462                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.539462                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393784                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393784                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        8672882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2671765                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1959951                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         269816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110330                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27288                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2587296                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1540496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            269816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       130992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              337665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         80808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       218038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          161086                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28125                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      3194953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2857288     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          36172      1.13%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          42034      1.32%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          23048      0.72%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          26017      0.81%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          14790      0.46%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          10460      0.33%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          26278      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         158866      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      3194953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.074972                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.428049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2565232                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       240805                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          334609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        51504                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        43817                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1879528                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        51504                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2569788                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         28346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       200316                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          332792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12203                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1877468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2609665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      8739661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      8739661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      2201324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         408341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           34744                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       179812                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        97014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        20659                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1872412                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1761386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249057                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       581854                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3194953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2453741     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       298196      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159635      5.00%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110735      3.47%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97018      3.04%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49580      1.55%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12438      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7765      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5845      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3194953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1777     45.07%     56.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     43.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1474993     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27502      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162549      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96128      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1761386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.489426                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3943                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6724034                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2122004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1730612                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1765329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          143                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        51504                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         22535                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1872911                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179812                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16174                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        31912                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1734375                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             248751                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         241798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            96072                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.481921                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1730726                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1730612                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         1029461                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2698328                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.480875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1292278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1585559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        28232                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3143449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2496026     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       300423      9.56%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125889      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75106      2.39%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52119      1.66%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33966      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17810      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14006      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28104      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3143449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1292278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1585559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               240085                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              145805                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           226910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1429457                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        32263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        28104                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4988278                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3797401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 41629                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                403927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1292278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1585559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1292278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.784912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.784912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.359078                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.359078                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7822301                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2403874                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1752843                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         269501                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       220750                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103538                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2584590                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1538747                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            269501                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       130785                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              337217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         80792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       228553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          160940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      3202290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2865073     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          36111      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          41960      1.31%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23010      0.72%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          25976      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          14778      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          10481      0.33%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          26234      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         158667      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      3202290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.074885                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.427563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2562411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       251435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          334164                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        51481                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        43760                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1877195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2430                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        51481                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2566964                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         24677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       214587                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          332305                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1875121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2606124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8728193                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8728193                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2197752                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         408372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          276                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           34968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       179621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        96868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        20614                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1869820                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          493                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758817                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2348                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       581849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3202290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2462140     76.89%     76.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297791      9.30%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159395      4.98%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110559      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96895      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49503      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12423      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7746      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5838      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3202290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1781     45.12%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     43.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472815     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27449      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162347      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95992      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758817                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.488712                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002244                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6726219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2119459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1728026                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34050                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          184                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        51481                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         18810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1444                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1870320                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          277                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        31875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1731837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152494                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             248429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         241429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            95935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.481216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1728140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1728026                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         1027892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2694032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.480157                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381544                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1290210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1582991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        28200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3150809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2504406     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299981      9.52%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125683      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74968      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52045      1.65%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33908      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17771      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13982      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28065      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3150809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1290210                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1582991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               239705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              145571                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           226552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1427139                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        32211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4993070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3792164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 41592                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                396590                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1290210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1582991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1290210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.789375                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.789375                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.358503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.358503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7810586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2400173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1750785                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         279158                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       228314                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114473                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107832                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28172                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2677264                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1560537                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            279158                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       136004                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              324195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         79708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       152224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          165313                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      3206054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2881859     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          14962      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          23406      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31791      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          33424      1.04%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          28105      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          15473      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          24019      0.75%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         153015      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      3206054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077568                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.433617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2651687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       180247                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          323356                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        50231                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        45824                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1912727                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        50231                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2659445                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         29348                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       133553                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          316177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        17295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1911123                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2667540                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      8885760                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      8885760                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      2283440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         384092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          459                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           53252                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       179528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        96115                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1161                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        21730                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1907667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1801699                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       227794                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       551963                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3206054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2444971     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       311240      9.71%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159061      4.96%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120458      3.76%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94380      2.94%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37919      1.18%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24031      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12290      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1704      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3206054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1114     35.73%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1624     52.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1516133     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26783      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          225      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162895      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95663      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1801699                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.500628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3118                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6813040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2135935                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1773380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1804817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        50231                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         25136                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1908134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96115                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1473                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16077                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        32760                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1776026                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153517                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             249152                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         252085                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            95635                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.493494                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1773454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1773380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         1018988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2746072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.492759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371071                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1330962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1637686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270442                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        29045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3155823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2484299     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       332799     10.55%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125900      3.99%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59527      1.89%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50390      1.60%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29171      0.92%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25714      0.81%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11377      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36646      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3155823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1330962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1637686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               242673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              148338                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           236172                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1475525                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        33718                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        36646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            5027292                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3866504                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 42425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                392826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1330962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1637686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1330962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.703969                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.703969                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.369827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.369827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7990628                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2471982                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1772808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         240407                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93575                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2533621                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1508343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            240407                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        97001                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              297395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         46119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       391867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          147134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14337                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      3254195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2956800     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10428      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21436      0.66%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           9100      0.28%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          48628      1.49%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          43826      1.35%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           8337      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17920      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         137720      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      3254195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.066801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.419115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2505985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       419975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          296143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          986                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        21233                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1767996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2510053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        376196                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        31235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          293425                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1765987                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         5797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2082064                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      8311596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      8311596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1806369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         275683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           30312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       412941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       207362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1924                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        10206                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1760154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1678280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394145                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3254195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2649541     81.42%     81.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185431      5.70%     87.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149554      4.60%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64908      1.99%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81104      2.49%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75100      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42862      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3631      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2064      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3254195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4228     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31630     85.92%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          956      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057078     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14673      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399849     23.82%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206580     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1678280                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.466334                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1920796                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661947                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1715094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        367384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3398                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1760365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        16636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1665231                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       398334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             604874                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         217742                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           206540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.462708                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1662073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1661947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          899839                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1783435                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.461796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.504554                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1340113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       185572                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        14560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3223092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2648356     82.17%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212183      6.58%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98860      3.07%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96576      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26897      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110170      3.42%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8642      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6188      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15220      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3223092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1340113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1574997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               598225                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              392773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           207922                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1400715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        15220                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4968441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3552262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 55473                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                344685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1340113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1574997                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1340113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.685505                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.685505                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.372369                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.372369                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        8223411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1935859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       2094835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         316244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263235                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30221                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120934                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113418                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2745034                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1734514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            316244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       147129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              360635                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         84860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       200946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          171806                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28864                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        3000337     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          21894      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          27660      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          44105      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          18092      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          23861      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          27915      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          12924      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         184184      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3360972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.087873                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.481959                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2728932                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       218791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          358921                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        54141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        48036                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      2119354                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        54141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2732136                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          7888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       202830                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          355892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      2105749                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2942293                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      9788044                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      9788044                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      2434513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         507780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           29370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       198280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       102351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        23119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054615                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1962456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530519     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377944     11.25%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155167      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86812      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117502      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36607      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35773      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19123      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13649     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1653182     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26635      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180473      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101925      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1962456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.545296                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17265                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7305471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2320848                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1909268                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40115                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        54141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          6003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2055119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        34525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176973                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35541                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             278870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         272057                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           101897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.535421                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1909310                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1909268                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         1143513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         3071747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.530517                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372268                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1416311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1745040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        30273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567425     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375214     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136028      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67643      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61865      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26151      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25627      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12160      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34718      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1416311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1745040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               258585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              158165                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           252973                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1571030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        36012                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        34718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            5327230                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           4164406                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 42882                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                237908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1416311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1745040                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1416311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.541024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.541024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393542                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393542                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        8667594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2670045                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1958757                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         208650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170157                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21962                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84972                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79467                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          950                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2022608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1233538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            208650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       100275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              253108                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         68698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       215125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          126174                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2536781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2283673     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          13252      0.52%     90.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21233      0.84%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32010      1.26%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13331      0.53%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          15796      0.62%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          16450      0.65%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11562      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         129474      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2536781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.057976                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.342756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1995991                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       242415                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          251246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1518                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        45610                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33875                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        45610                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2001054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         75331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       151030                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          247833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1492427                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         1056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         8125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1175                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2041137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6955821                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6955821                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1686114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         355023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           45999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       151112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        83950                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4232                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1487679                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          331                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1390123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519040                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2536781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1943320     76.61%     76.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       241687      9.53%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       133145      5.25%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86838      3.42%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79355      3.13%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24603      0.97%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17641      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6185      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4007      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2536781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           393     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1376     41.01%     52.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1586     47.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144382     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25585      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137814      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82188      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1390123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.386265                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002413                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5322763                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1712206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1364927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1393478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1143                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        45610                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         59382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1749                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1488010                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83950                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          931                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13547                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25494                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1369991                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130313                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             212363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         185968                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            82050                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.380671                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1365022                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1364927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          807464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2047511                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.379264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394364                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1010286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       257393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22380                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2491171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1991229     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238651      9.58%     89.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98715      3.96%     93.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50547      2.03%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37535      1.51%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21542      0.86%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13220      0.53%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10974      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28758      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2491171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1010286                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1231774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               197398                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              119312                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           171038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1113611                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23997                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28758                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3951580                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3023956                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 36091                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1062099                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1010286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1231774                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1010286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.562239                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.562239                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.280722                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.280722                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6218078                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1864987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1417447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         270263                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221459                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28427                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110292                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103274                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2591594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1542813                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            270263                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       130613                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              337679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         81790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       213570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          161382                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3195593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2857914     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          36056      1.13%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          41824      1.31%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          23021      0.72%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          25847      0.81%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          14834      0.46%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10464      0.33%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          26434      0.83%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         159199      4.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3195593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075096                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.428693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2569266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       236612                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          334619                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        52301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        43812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1882197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        52301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2573853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         29382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       194941                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          332765                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1880121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2614593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      8750104                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      8750104                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2198735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         415850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           35010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       180122                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        97053                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        20640                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1874911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          496                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1761724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       253816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       592037                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3195593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2452976     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       299197      9.36%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160352      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       111123      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96695      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49348      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12208      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7866      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5828      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3195593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           427     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1785     45.48%     56.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1713     43.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1475231     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27494      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162682      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96103      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1761724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.489520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002228                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6725449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2129268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1730458                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1765649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4519                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34476                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2866                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          147                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        52301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         26180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1875418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       180122                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97053                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          280                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15688                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        32095                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1734163                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152617                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             248669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         241780                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            96052                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.481862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1730578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1730458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         1029506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2696408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.480832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1290786                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1583718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       291734                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        28413                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3143292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2495543     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       301085      9.58%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126140      4.01%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74853      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52222      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33748      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17765      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13912      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28024      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3143292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1290786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1583718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               239830                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              145643                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           226646                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1427803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        32227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4990707                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3803217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 41841                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                403287                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1290786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1583718                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1290786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.788131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.788131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.358663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.358663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7820440                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2404603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1755172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         204824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21510                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1985841                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1210667                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            204824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        98579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              248487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         67157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       238132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          123823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21551                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2517335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2268848     90.13%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          13041      0.52%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20827      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31570      1.25%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13031      0.52%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15508      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          16122      0.64%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11310      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         127078      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2517335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.056915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.336409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1960001                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       264649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          246676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1460                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1467718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1964986                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         87710                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       158510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          243290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        18279                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1464831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3702                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2003903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6827427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6827427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1656465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         347385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           45194                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       148075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        82276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4194                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1364188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219975                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       509996                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2517335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1934285     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237846      9.45%     86.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130794      5.20%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85227      3.39%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77986      3.10%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23993      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17181      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6106      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3917      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2517335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           386     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1307     40.59%     52.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     47.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1123434     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25064      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          151      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       134890      9.89%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80649      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1364188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.379067                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3220                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002360                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5251194                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1680700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1339534                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1367408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5571                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         70782                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1460656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          909                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24977                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1344494                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       127712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             208220                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         182359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            80508                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.373595                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1339644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1339534                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          792426                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2011128                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.372217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394021                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1210147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2472787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1981807     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234331      9.48%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96695      3.91%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49956      2.02%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36852      1.49%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21161      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12886      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10763      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28336      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2472787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       992428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1210147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               193883                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              117207                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           168100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1094047                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23601                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3906097                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2967927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1081465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            992428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1210147                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       992428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.626258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.626258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.275766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.275766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6102296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1830366                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1390949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         279108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       228272                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28902                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114452                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107809                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28167                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2676885                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1560290                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            279108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       135976                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              324138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         79704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       151306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          165286                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3202795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2878657     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          14960      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          23397      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          31787      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          33414      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          28102      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          15472      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          24015      0.75%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         152991      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3202795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077554                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2649377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       179356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          323298                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        50231                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        45816                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1912406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        50231                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2657136                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         28593                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       133415                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          316117                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        17298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1910801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2667100                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      8884220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      8884220                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      2283026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         384074                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          459                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           53261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       179498                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        96098                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        21727                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1907348                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1801389                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       227783                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       551928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3202795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2441752     76.24%     76.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       311249      9.72%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159041      4.97%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120581      3.76%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94313      2.94%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37806      1.18%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24044      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12303      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1706      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3202795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1113     35.75%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1620     52.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1515874     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26783      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          225      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162861      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95646      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1801389                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.500542                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3113                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6809162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2135606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1773079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1804502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3814                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1781                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        50231                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         24354                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1743                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1907815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179498                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96098                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16077                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16680                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        32757                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1775723                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153486                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             249104                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         252040                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            95618                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.493410                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1773153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1773079                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         1018827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2745569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.492675                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371080                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1330716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1637382                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270435                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        29040                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3152564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2481075     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       332785     10.56%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125898      3.99%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59589      1.89%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50355      1.60%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29177      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25696      0.82%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11359      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36630      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3152564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1330716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1637382                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               242624                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              148307                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           236126                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1475256                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        33713                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        36630                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            5023738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3865873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 42412                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                396085                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1330716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1637382                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1330716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.704469                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.704469                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.369758                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.369758                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7989247                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2471563                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1772521                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606097229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619437082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50242619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50242619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656339848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669679701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656339848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669679701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955989.320189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957398.890263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881449.456140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881449.456140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949840.590449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951249.575284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949840.590449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951249.575284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          701                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2044.449726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          86791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        31.606336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.041607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    11.972779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   295.227743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1628.207597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.144154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.795023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.998266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            493                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 493                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 700                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16478986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    623064819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     639543805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49156879                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     49156879                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16478986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    672221698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      688700684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16478986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    672221698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     688700684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              1065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               1122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              1122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.598859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.603756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.619477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.623886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.619477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.623886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1267614.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 988991.776190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994624.891135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 862401.385965                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862401.385965                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1267614.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 978488.643377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 983858.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1267614.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 978488.643377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 983858.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                378                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     378                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15337586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    567832063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    583169649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     44149436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44149436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15337586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611981499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    627319085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15337586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611981499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    627319085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.598859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.619477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.619477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1179814.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 901320.734921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906951.242613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774551.508772                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774551.508772                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1179814.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 890802.764192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896170.121429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1179814.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 890802.764192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896170.121429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          227                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.637718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         135295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        59.548856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.873379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.082977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   103.676335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1835.005026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.050623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.895999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   475                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 225                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70750377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178679914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     249430291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70750377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178679914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      249430291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70750377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178679914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     249430291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.298063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.322812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.321429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.321429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2830015.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 893399.570000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1108579.071111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2830015.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 893399.570000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1108579.071111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2830015.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 893399.570000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1108579.071111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                139                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     139                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68555377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    161119914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229675291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68555377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    161119914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229675291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68555377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    161119914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229675291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.298063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2742215.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 805599.570000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020779.071111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2742215.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 805599.570000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020779.071111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2742215.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 805599.570000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020779.071111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          229                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.648341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         135293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        59.495602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.906121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.049517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   103.097849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1835.594854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.050341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.896287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 227                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53020422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    209068837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262089259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53020422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    209068837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      262089259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53020422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    209068837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     262089259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.300595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.325215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.323823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.323823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2120816.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1034994.242574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1154578.233480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2120816.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1034994.242574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1154578.233480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2120816.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1034994.242574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1154578.233480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                140                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     140                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50823780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191326890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242150670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50823780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191326890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242150670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     50823780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191326890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242150670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.300595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2032951.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947162.821782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066743.039648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2032951.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947162.821782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066743.039648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2032951.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947162.821782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066743.039648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.148611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.964144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    44.873970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1946.161886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.021911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.950274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53987239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78606178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132593417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53987239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78606178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      132593417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53987239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78606178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     132593417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2570820.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 863804.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1183869.794643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2570820.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 863804.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1183869.794643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2570820.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 863804.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1183869.794643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52143439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70612683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122756122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52143439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70612683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122756122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52143439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70612683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122756122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2483020.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775963.549451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096036.803571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2483020.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775963.549451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096036.803571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2483020.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 775963.549451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096036.803571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.493924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          51362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        22.263546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.054113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   127.898080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1864.196098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.062450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.910252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     240560390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      240560390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42734965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    197825425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     240560390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858041.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838243.326271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928804.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40715565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177104625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217820190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770241.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750443.326271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841004.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.121554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.973488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    44.873230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1946.153282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.021911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.950270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53536475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78239351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     131775826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53536475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78239351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      131775826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53536475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78239351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     131775826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2549355.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859773.087912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1176569.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2549355.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859773.087912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1176569.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2549355.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859773.087912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1176569.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51692675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70246426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121939101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51692675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70246426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121939101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51692675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70246426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121939101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2461555.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771938.747253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088741.973214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2461555.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771938.747253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088741.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2461555.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771938.747253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088741.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.645851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.893090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.045088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   102.064902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1836.642770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.049836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.896798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64425252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167405749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     231831001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64425252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167405749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      231831001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64425252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167405749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     231831001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2577010.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862916.231959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1058589.045662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2577010.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862916.231959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1058589.045662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2577010.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862916.231959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1058589.045662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62230172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150370135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212600307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62230172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150370135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212600307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62230172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150370135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212600307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2489206.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775103.788660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970777.657534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2489206.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775103.788660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970777.657534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2489206.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775103.788660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970777.657534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.651843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.892445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.042588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   102.203115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1836.513695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.049904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.896735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53161273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166998725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     220159998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53161273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166998725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      220159998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53161273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166998725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     220159998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2126450.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860818.170103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1005296.794521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2126450.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860818.170103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1005296.794521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2126450.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860818.170103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1005296.794521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50966273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149963985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200930258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50966273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149963985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200930258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50966273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149963985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200930258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2038650.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 773010.231959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917489.762557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2038650.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 773010.231959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917489.762557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2038650.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 773010.231959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917489.762557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.998781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.998781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.386206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    89.392497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1904.221297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.043649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.929796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     85393964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    158059462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     243453426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     85393964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    158059462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      243453426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     85393964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    158059462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     243453426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3049784.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 946463.844311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1248479.107692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3049784.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 946463.844311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1248479.107692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3049784.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 946463.844311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1248479.107692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82925814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143316288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226242102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82925814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143316288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226242102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82925814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143316288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226242102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2961636.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 858181.365269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1160215.907692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2961636.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 858181.365269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1160215.907692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2961636.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 858181.365269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1160215.907692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          502                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        44.470980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.633333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.591847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   236.222190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1792.552630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.115343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.875270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 502                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486850550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      486850550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     486850550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              1010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               1010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              1010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.497030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.497030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.497030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.121600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.962736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    44.819000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1946.218264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.021884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.950302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60082491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81068935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     141151426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60082491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81068935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      141151426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60082491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81068935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     141151426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2861071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 890867.417582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260280.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2861071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 890867.417582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1260280.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2861071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 890867.417582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1260280.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58237143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73077225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131314368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58237143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73077225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131314368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58237143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73077225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131314368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2773197.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 803046.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172449.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2773197.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 803046.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172449.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2773197.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 803046.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172449.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          697                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2044.334793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          86785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        31.650255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.075872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.856144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   294.979710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1628.423068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.144033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.795128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.998210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          422                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 696                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14856651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    604746786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     619603437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     54176806                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     54176806                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14856651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658923592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      673780243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14856651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658923592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     673780243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               1118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              1118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.595398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.600379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.622540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.622540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1142819.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 973827.352657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977292.487382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 873819.451613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873819.451613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1142819.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 964749.036603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 968075.061782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1142819.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 964749.036603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 968075.061782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                376                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     376                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13715251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    550218511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563933762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     48733000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48733000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13715251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    598951511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    612666762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13715251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    598951511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612666762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.595398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1055019.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 886020.146538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889485.429022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 786016.129032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786016.129032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1055019.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 876942.183016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880268.336207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1055019.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 876942.183016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880268.336207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          228                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.647131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         135293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        59.521777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.910322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.028627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   103.000868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1835.707314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.050293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.896341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 226                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55243996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193263964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     248507960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55243996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193263964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      248507960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55243996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193263964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     248507960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.324247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.322857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.322857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2301833.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956752.297030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1099592.743363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2301833.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956752.297030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1099592.743363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2301833.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956752.297030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1099592.743363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                140                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     140                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53136796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175525165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228661961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53136796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175525165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228661961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53136796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175525165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228661961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2214033.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 868936.460396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011778.588496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2214033.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 868936.460396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011778.588496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2214033.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 868936.460396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011778.588496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          696                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2044.554401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          86776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        31.658519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.435613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.928814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   291.332681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1631.857293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.142252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.796805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.998318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   418                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 693                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20463619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641124712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     661588331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     60117867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     60117867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20463619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    701242579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      721706198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20463619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    701242579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     721706198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.598077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.603039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.623762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.623762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1574124.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1030747.125402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1041871.387402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1036514.948276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1036514.948276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1574124.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1031239.086765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1041423.085137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1574124.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1031239.086765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1041423.085137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                379                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     379                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19322219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    586497795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605820014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55023214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55023214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19322219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641521009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    660843228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19322219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641521009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    660843228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.598077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1486324.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 942922.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954047.266142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 948676.103448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948676.103448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1486324.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943413.248529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 953597.731602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1486324.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943413.248529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 953597.731602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2046.990110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.990110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.417092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    89.338481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1904.244427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.043622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.929807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70726828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    160225160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     230951988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70726828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    160225160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      230951988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70726828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    160225160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     230951988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2525958.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 959432.095808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1184369.169231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2525958.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 959432.095808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1184369.169231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2525958.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 959432.095808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1184369.169231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68267242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145559329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213826571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68267242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145559329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    213826571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68267242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145559329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    213826571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2438115.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 871612.748503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096546.517949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2438115.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 871612.748503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096546.517949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2438115.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 871612.748503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096546.517949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.776777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750133420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494289.681275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.776777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         125490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        125490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     21782294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21782294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     21782294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21782294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     21782294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21782294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       125510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       125510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1089114.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1089114.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1089114.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1089114.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1089114.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1089114.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16592944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16592944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16592944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16592944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16592944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16592944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1276380.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276380.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1276380.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276380.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1276380.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276380.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125037055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             91669.395161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   190.569410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    65.430590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.744412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.255588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        76928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       172113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         172113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       172113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        172113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1653970100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1653970100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    405544574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    405544574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2059514674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2059514674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2059514674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2059514674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        77416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       175253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       175253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.027106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 623668.966817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 623668.966817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 831033.963115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831033.963115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 655896.392994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 655896.392994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 655896.392994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 655896.392994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    656769363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    656769363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49629979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49629979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    706399342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    706399342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    706399342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    706399342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 624305.478137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 624305.478137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870701.385965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870701.385965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 636969.650135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636969.650135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 636969.650135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636969.650135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              496.106002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              747006335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1470484.911417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.106002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         161723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        161723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94103331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94103331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94103331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94103331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94103331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94103331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       161760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       161760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2543333.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2543333.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2543333.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2543333.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2543333.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2543333.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71031184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71031184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71031184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71031184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71031184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71031184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2731968.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2731968.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2731968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2731968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2731968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2731968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              117759401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             126623.011828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   177.971833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    78.028167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.695202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.304798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       112048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        94040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        94040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       206088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         206088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       206088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        206088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    857441421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    857441421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     83952592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83952592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    941394013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    941394013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    941394013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    941394013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       114328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        94186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       208514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       208514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       208514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       208514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001550                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 376070.798684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 376070.798684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 575017.753425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 575017.753425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 388043.698681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 388043.698681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 388043.698681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 388043.698681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1882343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 627447.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    211219261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211219261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    211411561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    211411561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    211411561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    211411561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 314782.803279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314782.803279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 313667.004451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313667.004451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 313667.004451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313667.004451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              496.068407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              747005556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1470483.377953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.068407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77658207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77658207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77658207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77658207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77658207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77658207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       160983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       160983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1991236.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1991236.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1991236.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1991236.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1991236.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1991236.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53294698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53294698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53294698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53294698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53294698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53294698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049796.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2049796.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049796.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2049796.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049796.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2049796.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              117758098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             126485.604726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   178.485179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    77.514821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.697208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.302792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       111355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        93424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         204779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        204779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    867772082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    867772082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     88545595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88545595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    956317677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    956317677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    956317677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    956317677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       113612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        93588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       207200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       207200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001752                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001752                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 384480.319894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 384480.319894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 539912.164634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539912.164634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 395009.366791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395009.366791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 395009.366791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395009.366791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1115608                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 371869.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    241575029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241575029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    241767329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241767329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    241767329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241767329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 359486.650298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 359486.650298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 358173.820741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 358173.820741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 358173.820741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 358173.820741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              469.727425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749898208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1568824.702929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.727425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       171733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       171733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         171733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       171733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        171733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     86093458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86093458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     86093458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86093458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     86093458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86093458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       171764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       171764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       171764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       171764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       171764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2777208.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2777208.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2777208.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54291379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54291379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54291379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54291379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54291379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54291379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2360494.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360494.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360494.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              108919119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             150648.850622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   137.409001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   118.590999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.536754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.463246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       135776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        99887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       235663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         235663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       235663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        235663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    243982994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243982994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1077707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    245060701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245060701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    245060701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245060701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       136986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        99899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       236885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       236885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 201638.838017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201638.838017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89808.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89808.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200540.671849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103602595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103602595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       208379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103810974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103810974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103810974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103810974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 222801.279570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222801.279570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69459.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69459.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221818.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              548.055094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643101426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1169275.320000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.011872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.043223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         161204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        161204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50471818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50471818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       161237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       161237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1529449.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42991238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42991238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1791301.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150655626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             155475.362229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   161.726710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    94.273290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.631745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.368255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       220717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       270431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         270431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       270431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        270431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1033143677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033143677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1267226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1267226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1034410903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1034410903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1034410903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1034410903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       272911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       272911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 419125.223935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419125.223935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84481.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84481.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417101.170565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230741723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230741723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230934023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230934023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    230934023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230934023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 324988.342254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324988.342254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323890.635344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              469.738345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              749898350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs                  1568825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.738345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.023619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         171875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        171875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87107688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87107688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87107688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87107688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87107688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87107688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       171907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       171907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2722115.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2722115.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2722115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2722115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2722115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2722115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53840644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53840644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53840644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53840644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53840644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53840644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2340897.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2340897.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2340897.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2340897.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2340897.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2340897.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              108919303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             150441.026243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   137.399305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   118.600695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.536716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.463284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       235847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         235847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       235847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        235847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    239124943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239124943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1078055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240202998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240202998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240202998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240202998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       137092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        99976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       237068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       237068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 197787.380480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197787.380480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 196726.452088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196726.452088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 196726.452088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196726.452088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103296603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103296603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103505011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103505011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103505011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103505011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 222143.232258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222143.232258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221164.553419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221164.553419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221164.553419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221164.553419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.064782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              747005654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1470483.570866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.064782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         161042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        161042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97168895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97168895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97168895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97168895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97168895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97168895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       161086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       161086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2208383.977273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2208383.977273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2208383.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2208383.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2208383.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2208383.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64707093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64707093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64707093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64707093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64707093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64707093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2488734.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2488734.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2488734.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2488734.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2488734.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2488734.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117758687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             127032.024811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   178.244093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    77.755907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.696266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.303734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       111717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        93659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       205376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         205376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       205376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        205376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    824542650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    824542650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104935318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    104935318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    929477968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    929477968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    929477968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    929477968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       113987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        93821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       207808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       207808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 363234.647577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363234.647577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 647748.876543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647748.876543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 382186.664474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 382186.664474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 382186.664474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 382186.664474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1897221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 474305.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200093626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200093626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200285926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200285926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200285926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200285926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299541.356287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299541.356287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298488.712370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298488.712370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298488.712370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298488.712370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.060980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              747005509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1470483.285433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.060980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         160897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        160897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77439382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77439382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77439382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77439382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77439382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77439382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       160940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       160940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1800915.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1800915.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53442672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53442672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53442672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53442672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53442672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53442672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2055487.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055487.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117758402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             127031.717368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   178.540048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    77.459952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.697422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.302578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        93529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         205090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        205090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    825100398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    825100398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    144173291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    144173291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    969273689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    969273689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    969273689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    969273689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       113833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        93675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       207508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       207508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 363160.386444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363160.386444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987488.294521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987488.294521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 400857.605045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 400857.605045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 400857.605045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 400857.605045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2974999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 991666.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199704575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199704575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199896875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199896875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199896875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199896875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 298958.944611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298958.944611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 297908.904620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297908.904620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 297908.904620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297908.904620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              500.148677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              746444949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1481041.565476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.148677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.040302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       165273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        165273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       165273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         165273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       165273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        165273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92926772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92926772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92926772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92926772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92926772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92926772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       165311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       165311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       165311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       165311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       165311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2445441.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2445441.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2445441.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2445441.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2445441.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2445441.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       806248                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       403124                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     85690878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85690878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     85690878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85690878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     85690878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85690878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2954857.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2954857.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2954857.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2954857.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2954857.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2954857.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              112808103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             136406.412334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   170.251805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    85.748195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.665046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.334954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        93884                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93884                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       206089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        206089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    617396231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    617396231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1161888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1161888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    618558119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    618558119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    618558119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    618558119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       114049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        93898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       207947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       207947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 334813.574295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334813.574295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        82992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 332916.102799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332916.102799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 332916.102799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332916.102799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    185519245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185519245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    185711545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185711545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    185711545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185711545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 326618.389085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326618.389085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325239.133100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325239.133100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325239.133100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325239.133100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.591028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765428016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1374197.515260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.591028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         147118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        147118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       147134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       147134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287973849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             230011.061502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   103.597167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   152.402833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.404676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.595324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       375857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       205251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       581108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         581108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       581108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        581108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       379522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       205251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       584773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       584773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              469.726454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              749898250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1568824.790795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.726454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.023600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       171775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       171775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         171775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       171775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        171775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97722827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97722827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97722827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97722827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97722827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97722827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       171806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       171806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       171806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       171806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       171806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3152349.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3152349.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3152349.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3152349.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3152349.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3152349.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60386644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60386644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60386644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60386644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60386644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60386644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2625506.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2625506.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2625506.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2625506.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2625506.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2625506.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              108919174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             150440.848066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   137.306285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   118.693715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.536353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.463647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       235718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         235718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       235718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        235718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    244010861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244010861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1077863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    245088724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245088724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    245088724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245088724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       137014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        99926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       236940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       236940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 201661.868595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201661.868595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89821.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89821.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 200563.603928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200563.603928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 200563.603928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200563.603928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106128655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106128655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       208392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106337047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106337047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106337047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106337047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 228233.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228233.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        69464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227215.912393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227215.912393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227215.912393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227215.912393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.733874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750134084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1494291.003984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.733874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         126154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        126154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     21904097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21904097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     21904097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21904097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     21904097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21904097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       126174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       126174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1095204.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1095204.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1095204.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1095204.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1095204.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1095204.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14972682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14972682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14972682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14972682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14972682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14972682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1151744.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1151744.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1151744.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1151744.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1151744.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1151744.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125037667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             91871.908156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   190.635296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    65.364704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.744669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.255331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        95565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        77157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         172722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        172722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1579279419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1579279419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    444028667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    444028667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2023308086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2023308086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2023308086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2023308086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        98137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       175810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       175810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.026208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 614027.767885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 614027.767885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 860520.672481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860520.672481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 655216.349093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 655216.349093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 655216.349093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 655216.349093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    638290763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    638290763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     54691406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54691406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    692982169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    692982169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    692982169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    692982169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000798                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000798                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 611975.803452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611975.803452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 882119.451613                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882119.451613                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 627133.184615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627133.184615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 627133.184615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627133.184615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.047745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              747005950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1473384.516765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.047745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       161338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       161338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         161338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       161338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        161338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88876077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88876077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88876077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88876077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88876077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88876077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       161382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       161382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       161382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       161382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       161382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019910.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2019910.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55509034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55509034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55509034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55509034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55509034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55509034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2220361.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220361.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117758430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             126485.961332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   178.289109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    77.710891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.696442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.303558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        93564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         205111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        205111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    820067396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    820067396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98785689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     98785689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    918853085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    918853085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    918853085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    918853085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       113805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        93728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       207533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       207533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 363183.080602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363183.080602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 602351.762195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 602351.762195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 379377.822048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 379377.822048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 379377.822048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 379377.822048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1738711                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 579570.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225766238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225766238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225958538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225958538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225958538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225958538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335961.663690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335961.663690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334753.389630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334753.389630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334753.389630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334753.389630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.727145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750131727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494286.308765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.727145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33062204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33062204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33062204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33062204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33062204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33062204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       123823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       123823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271623.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1271623.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20572469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20572469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20572469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20572469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20572469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20572469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1582497.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1582497.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125034322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             92412.654841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   189.685061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    66.314939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.740957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.259043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        93591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         93591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        75794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         169385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        169385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1661190217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1661190217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    484538201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484538201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2145728418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2145728418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2145728418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2145728418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        76273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 646880.925623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 646880.925623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1011562.006263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1011562.006263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 704210.179849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 704210.179849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 704210.179849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 704210.179849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    672957679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    672957679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     60599267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60599267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    733556946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    733556946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    733556946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    733556946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 647074.691346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647074.691346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1044814.948276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1044814.948276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 668084.650273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668084.650273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 668084.650273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668084.650273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              500.181111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746444924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1481041.515873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.181111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.040354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       165248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        165248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       165248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         165248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       165248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        165248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81495393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81495393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81495393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81495393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81495393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81495393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       165286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       165286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       165286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       165286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       165286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2144615.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2144615.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2144615.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2144615.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2144615.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2144615.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71037912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71037912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71037912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71037912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71037912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71037912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2449583.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2449583.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2449583.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2449583.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2449583.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2449583.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              112808060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             136406.360339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   170.370105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    85.629895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.665508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.334492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       112180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        93866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       206046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         206046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       206046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        206046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    656438917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    656438917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1162004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1162004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    657600921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    657600921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    657600921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    657600921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       114023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        93880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       207903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       207903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 356179.553445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 356179.553445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83000.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83000.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 354120.043619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 354120.043619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 354120.043619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 354120.043619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    187702957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    187702957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    187895257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    187895257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    187895257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187895257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 330462.952465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330462.952465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 329063.497373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329063.497373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 329063.497373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329063.497373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
