
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132155                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132155416905                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697453848732                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 301657                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383406                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2123263                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67758044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 62241.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18775621017                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23863803401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2665088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2807936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2674176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2669440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1799424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      5199104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2821120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1798400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      5204608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1303680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1304960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1795200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4432896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1797760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2788864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2674944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             43817728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12873344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12873344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        21937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        14058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        40618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        22040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        14050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        40661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        10185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        10195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        14025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        34632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        14045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        21788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                342326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          100573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               100573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        32931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20166317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21247226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20235084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        32931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20199248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13615969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39340832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        36805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21346987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13608220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        35837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39382480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9864749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9874434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13584006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        36805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33543052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13603377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21102911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        33899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20240896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               331562103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        32931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        32931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        36805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        35837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        36805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        33899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             606316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          97410642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               97410642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          97410642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        32931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20166317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        37774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21247226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        34868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20235084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        32931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20199248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        39711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13615969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        39711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39340832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        36805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21346987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13608220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        35837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39382480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        41648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9864749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        40679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9874434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        40679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13584006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        36805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33543052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13603377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        36805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21102911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        33899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20240896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              428972745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21814564                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471750                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739450                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14506410                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14216598                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310671                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52132                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230393784                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123939758                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21814564                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15527269                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27624170                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5722385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9524713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13943884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707289                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271515835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243891665     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204159      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134242      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4161196      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1335857      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3842648      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         608710      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         987969      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10349389      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271515835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068833                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.391077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228383803                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11587797                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27569174                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3952762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064822                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138657192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38361                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3952762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228614880                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7469448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3383692                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27338045                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       757004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138452155                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       568998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181471963                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627554099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627554099                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34437633                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1796772                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24953460                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066633                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       926945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137742537                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18662                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128939638                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83077                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24974737                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51147279                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271515835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215021151     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17744562      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18941139      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10957545      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677883      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1418345      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1682791      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39192      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33227      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271515835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215480     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88550     23.49%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72890     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101120108     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012687      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22765523     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032130      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128939638                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406853                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376920                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529855108                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162736286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125658183                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129316558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101825                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5115395                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          355                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100689                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3952762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6638667                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137761298                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24953460                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066633                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9405                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46203                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2625                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          355                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173591                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       670494                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1844085                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127310767                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22445446                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1628871                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26477376                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19342789                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031930                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401713                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125687204                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125658183                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76020087                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165697733                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396499                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25150894                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728593                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267563073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225606886     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500523      6.17%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10567405      3.95%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352876      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5529178      2.07%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081777      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685782      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627434      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611212      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267563073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3611212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401718362                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279489645                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5143822                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45403631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.169195                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.169195                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591717126                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163746207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147217328                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23256262                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19072712                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2277922                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9679409                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9083551                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2387295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    221887124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132105540                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23256262                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11470846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29059644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6467995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     20434415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13669670                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262638                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    275533007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      246473363     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3151738      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3644116      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2003429      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2301749      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1272850      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         866865      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2250321      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13568576      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    275533007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.416843                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      220084241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     22271536                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28815200                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       231360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4130666                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3774084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        21159                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    161262945                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts       104367                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4130666                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      220437423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       7891521                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     13390735                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28704170                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       978488                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    161160579                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       253931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       449835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    223966302                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    750298163                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    750298163                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    191311137                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       32655144                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        42186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23527                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2617798                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15393003                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8376622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221501                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1859239                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        160907585                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152103545                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       216478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20051141                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46275193                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4702                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275533007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211439283     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25780485      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13856702      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9583227      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8379422      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4285446      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1042446      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       667587      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       498409      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275533007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40279     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       138591     42.53%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       146980     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127322411     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2375851      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18631      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14069299      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8317353      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152103545                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.479944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            325850                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580282425                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181002453                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149569500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    152429395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       383360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2717792                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          956                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1452                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       176640                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9318                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3270                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4130666                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       7346742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       171497                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160949994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15393003                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8376622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23511                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1452                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1320771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1276535                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2597306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149856478                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13212337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2247067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21527836                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20974671                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8315499                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.472853                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            149571861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           149569500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        88890105                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       232810484                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.471948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112342475                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    137830412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23121569                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37577                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2290846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271402341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215092318     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26110908      9.62%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10945075      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6578974      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4551445      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2942581      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1523607      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1227359      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2430074      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271402341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112342475                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    137830412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20875185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12675207                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19727157                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       124258325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2804170                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2430074                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          429923494                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         326034731                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3398417                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              41386459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112342475                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           137830412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112342475                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.821012                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.821012                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.354483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.354483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      675977327                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     207584385                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     150502720                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       21847461                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19504338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1742303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14474265                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14234558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310151                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52221                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230699081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            124151496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          21847461                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     15544709                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27669574                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5732970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      9431258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           44                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13963365                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1710195                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    271780826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      244111252     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        4209656      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2142467      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        4166571      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1333232      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3846563      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         608256      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         990805      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10372024      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    271780826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068937                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.391745                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      228684913                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     11498421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27614359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        22661                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3960468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      2064636                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        20399                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    138901553                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        38352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3960468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      228918258                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       7409486                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3352090                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27380844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       759676                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    138694327                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       106295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       571717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    181768756                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    628619471                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    628619471                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    147249652                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34519094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        18622                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9420                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1807603                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     24999945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      4075124                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26126                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       926007                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        137973270                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       129180730                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        89113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25037391                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51215418                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271780826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215200866     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17764421      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18957972      6.98%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10978899      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5694283      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1426671      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1684013      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        40505      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33196      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271780826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215815     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88644     23.48%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73060     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101292006     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1014277      0.79%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9202      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22827615     17.67%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4037630      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    129180730                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.407614                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377519                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530608918                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163029690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125868664                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    129558249                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       103180                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5130175                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          347                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3960468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6575134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        93333                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137992055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24999945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4075124                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9416                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47816                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2662                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          347                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175283                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672589                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1847872                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127537718                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22496884                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1643012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           26534326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19368686                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          4037442                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.402429                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            125897793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           125868664                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        76144657                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       165906989                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.397163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458960                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100150303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    112782735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25214973                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18558                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1731433                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267820358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225807434     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16518724      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10582246      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3357505      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5539181      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1083115      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       687267      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627985      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3616901      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267820358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100150303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    112782735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             23840866                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            19869769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              9259                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17293769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        98581097                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1413960                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3616901                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          402200788                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         279959030                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               5149072                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              45138640                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100150303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           112782735                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100150303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.164438                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.164438                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.316012                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.316012                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      592757575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     164004355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     147467371                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        18540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21816717                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19474540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739988                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14460054                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14215766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230404167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            123971591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21816717                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     15526859                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27628179                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5725740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      9394419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13945185                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707896                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    271402756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      243774577     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        4203593      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2135840      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        4160478      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1334223      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3842599      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         608130      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         989830      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10353486      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    271402756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.391177                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      228387498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     11464312                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27573106                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        22254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3955582                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      2064026                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        20379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    138691783                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        38343                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3955582                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      228619195                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       7392338                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3334643                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27341329                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       759665                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    138486904                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       107251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       571454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    181519352                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    627724559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    627724559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    147045287                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       34474065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        18602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1802619                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     24963853                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      4066688                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26094                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       927870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        137775417                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       128964350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83163                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24998731                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51210417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271402756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214903354     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17744218      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18938789      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10959570      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5680276      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1422482      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681442      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39322      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33303      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271402756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215463     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88634     23.51%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72886     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101136490     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012942      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9191      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22773530     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032197      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    128964350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.406931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376983                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529791602                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162793144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125679544                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    129341333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102138                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5123743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          335                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100581                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955582                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       6556626                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92503                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137794183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24963853                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066688                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9408                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2636                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          335                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1844150                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127333114                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22450584                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           26482601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19344332                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          4032017                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.401784                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            125708578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           125679544                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        76036079                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       165743362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.396566                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.458758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100008319                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    112624720                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25175100                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18537                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1729130                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267447174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225488871     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16499160      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10568608      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353634      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530349      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081966      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686511      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627450      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610625      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267447174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100008319                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    112624720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             23806217                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            19840110                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17269281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        98443655                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1412169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3610625                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          401635992                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         279558369                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               5145088                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              45516710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100008319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           112624720                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100008319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.168931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.168931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.315564                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.315564                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      591826226                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     163775809                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     147253236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       24575451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20109346                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2396587                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10131697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9670370                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2534455                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109088                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236397719                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            137445858                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          24575451                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     12204825                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            28686215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6552106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     12725436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        14463986                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2398568                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    281933734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      253247519     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1339715      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2120873      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2872159      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2961434      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2504413      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1403758      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2078244      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13405619      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    281933734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077545                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.433693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      233959517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     15184687                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        28631881                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        33696                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4123952                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      4044871                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    168648451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4123952                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      234605403                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2149550                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     11543031                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        28026895                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1484900                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    168584609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       221756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       636402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    235210221                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    784314731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    784314731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    203820375                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       31389816                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        41559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21526                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         4380373                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15780062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8548863                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100741                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      2010723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        168369591                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41701                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       159830075                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18719315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44883261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1300                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281933734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214327410     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27778366      9.85%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14073951      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10637727      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8362264      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3385881      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2112399      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108117      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147619      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281933734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30348     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       100217     37.41%     48.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137353     51.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134423258     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2389729      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20032      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14474698      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8522358      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    159830075                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.504324                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601883568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187131262                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157444470                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    160097993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       326497                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2539657                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          658                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       126047                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4123952                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1787596                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145443                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168411458                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15780062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8548863                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21527                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          658                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1390165                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1352745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2742910                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157637575                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13623375                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2192499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 166                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           22145418                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       22399270                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8522043                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.497406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            157444709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           157444470                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        90387748                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       243592264                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.496796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118814851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    146199599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22211873                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2426934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277809782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217846028     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29715582     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11230638      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5353649      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4508437      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2584535      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2269436      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023061      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3278416      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277809782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    118814851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    146199599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             21663221                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            13240405                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             20156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         21082515                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       131723641                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      3010513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3278416                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          442942032                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         340946981                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3581611                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              34985732                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         118814851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           146199599                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    118814851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.667339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.667339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374906                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374906                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      709464437                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     219312133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     156338132                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        40366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21389876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19302447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1122254                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8293719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7665337                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1179024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227085776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            134399615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21389876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      8844361                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26598719                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3528302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     31733433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13027668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1127316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    287795846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      261197127     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         949063      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1945813      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         834732      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        4419344      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3934822      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         767575      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1586789      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12160581      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    287795846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067493                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.424081                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      224747895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     34084976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26501124                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        84362                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2377484                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1876152                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          438                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    157621293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2415                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2377484                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      225046582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles      31682445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1378719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26322155                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       988456                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    157532200                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         1016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       502240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       325037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14945                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    184897835                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    741892191                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    741892191                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    164052778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       20844953                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        18276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2280829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     37189468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     18814349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       912623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        157229024                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18330                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       151186288                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        95027                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12117244                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29007083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287795846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233486786     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16595310      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13407594      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5800748      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7247731      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6857964      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3896626      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311650      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191437      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287795846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        379801     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2903767     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84652      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94826670     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1317694      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9050      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36273898     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18758976     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    151186288                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477050                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3368220                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593631668                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169368573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149883398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    154554508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271545                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1449545                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          579                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3985                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       126981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13317                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           67                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2377484                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles      30917735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       293138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157247452                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37189468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18814349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9224                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       181589                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          147                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3985                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       658777                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658605                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1317382                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150130974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36146181                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1055313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           54903191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19669038                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         18757010                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473720                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            149887214                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           149883398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        80957479                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       159757608                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.472938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506752                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121772915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    143103983                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14160640                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1147061                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285418362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233318350     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19174973      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8929452      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8785623      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2430365      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10052860      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       763951      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558533      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1404255      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285418362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    121772915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    143103983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             54427284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            35739916                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9106                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18897044                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       127254237                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1386009                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1404255                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          441278366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         316907041                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4875028                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              29123620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         121772915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           143103983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    121772915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.602545                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.602545                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      742194244                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     174040435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     187676166                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        18212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23260218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19076114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2275769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9587881                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9084394                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2385237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102119                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    221857020                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            132193310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23260218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11469631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29070522                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6472666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     20395058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13668065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2260650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    275481425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      246410903     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3151328      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3646496      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2002594      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2302101      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1268272      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         869045      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2252978      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13577708      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    275481425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.417120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      220056768                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     22229328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        28827616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       230036                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4137673                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3774957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        21153                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    161350823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts       103913                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4137673                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      220409658                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       7740866                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     13500755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28715932                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       976537                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    161248982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       253653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       449865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    224095339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    750741876                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    750741876                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    191299579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32795760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        41880                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2612277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15379967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8382458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1860838                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        160991740                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41942                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152118471                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       212900                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20148529                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46619348                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4369                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275481425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211384972     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25779765      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13847528      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9596142      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8381443      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4285456      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1039712      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       667356      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       499051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275481425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40329     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       137268     42.31%     54.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       146858     45.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127334386     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2378753      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18630      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14064914      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8321788      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152118471                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.479991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            324455                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002133                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580255722                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181183648                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149594115                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    152442926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       381311                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2705518                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          982                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1440                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       182981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9316                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3093                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4137673                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       7192690                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       171169                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161033811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15379967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8382458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120192                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1440                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1319036                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1276011                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2595047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149879396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13208020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2239075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21527681                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20972678                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8319661                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.472926                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            149596431                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           149594115                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        88903397                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       232845239                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112335628                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    137822094                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23213201                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2288702                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271343752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215034820     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26112331      9.62%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10944372      4.03%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6580045      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4549206      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2942992      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1522238      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1226312      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2431436      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271343752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112335628                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    137822094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20873926                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12674449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18746                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19725992                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124250818                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2804009                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2431436                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          429946857                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         326208344                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3397651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              41438041                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112335628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           137822094                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112335628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.821184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.821184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354461                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354461                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      676074980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     207624833                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     150592142                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37538                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       24529735                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20071429                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2396845                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10277957                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9672598                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2532885                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109019                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236248951                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            137114829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          24529735                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12205483                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            28637052                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6525391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     12733596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        14452515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2398515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    281717507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      253080455     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1339283      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2123533      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2869143      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2958632      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2502386      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1406858      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2074165      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13363052      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    281717507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432649                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      233813540                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     15190365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        28583307                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        33279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4097015                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      4037127                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          391                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    168273867                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2038                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4097015                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      234459529                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2195743                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     11502447                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27977667                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1485103                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    168207615                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       221792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       636414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    234683268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    782536164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    782536164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    203627806                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       31055452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        41907                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         4377751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15761422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8531852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100462                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      2014538                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        167997828                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42059                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       159594585                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18492799                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44190440                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1693                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281717507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214182220     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27769888      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14067809      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10608389      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8346694      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3378226      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2109841      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108560      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       145880      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281717507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30230     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        99002     37.17%     48.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137090     51.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134229100     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2380954      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20013      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14459484      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8505034      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    159594585                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.503581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601194850                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186533330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157210274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    159860907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       326145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2533479                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          647                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116962                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4097015                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1834323                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145033                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168040055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15761422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8531852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          647                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1394541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1346558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2741099                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157401987                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13607471                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2192598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 168                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22112188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       22370441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8504717                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.496662                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            157210509                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           157210274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        90245895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       243215368                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.496057                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371053                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118702709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    146061630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21978427                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2427162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277620492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217709905     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29691026     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11221162      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5345334      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4508877      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2582001      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2264551      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1021629      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3276007      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277620492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    118702709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    146061630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             21642831                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            13227941                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             20138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         21062618                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       131599342                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      3007676                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3276007                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          442383736                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         340177207                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3580135                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              35201959                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         118702709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           146061630                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    118702709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.669859                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.669859                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      708434310                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     218987738                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     155978156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        40332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       21446358                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19351546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1117950                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8109724                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7677353                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1185394                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49556                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227585368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            134779776                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          21446358                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      8862747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26666967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3522034                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     31474508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13051452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1123107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    288102776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      261435809     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         956555      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1945579      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         829371      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4432897      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3953733      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         763338      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1591370      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12194124      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    288102776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067671                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.425281                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      225228203                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     33845396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26569062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        84612                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2375498                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1883066                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          440                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    158035743                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2397                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2375498                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      225523218                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      31447841                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1378460                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26393803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       983951                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    157951607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       509947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       323180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8637                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    185403272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    743922465                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    743922465                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    164548842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       20854407                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        18341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9262                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2269443                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     37278622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     18858569                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172803                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       920540                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        157650559                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       151559220                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        84657                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12137449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29152151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    288102776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233676858     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16609062      5.76%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13449436      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5812824      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7262908      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6884449      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3903786      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311403      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       192050      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    288102776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        381044     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2912735     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84934      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     95057732     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1323434      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9078      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36354367     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18814609     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    151559220                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.478226                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3378713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594684583                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169810396                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150274923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    154937933                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273814                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1433731                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          586                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4002                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116174                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13363                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           56                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2375498                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      30686665                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       297862                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157669055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37278622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18858569                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9262                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       184301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          133                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4002                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       651174                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       660411                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1311585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150511084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36238588                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1048133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           55051458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19725800                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         18812870                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.474919                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            150278843                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           150274923                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        81183206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       160243185                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.474174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506625                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    122137927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    143533585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14152761                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1142735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285727278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233482886     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19219634      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8952226      3.13%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8814637      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2439125      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10083245      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       765250      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       560837      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1409438      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285727278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    122137927                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    143533585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             54587275                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            35844882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              9136                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18953941                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       127636431                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1390322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1409438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          442003809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         317748459                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4882147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              28816690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         122137927                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           143533585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    122137927                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.594767                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.594767                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.385391                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.385391                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      744116381                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     174479516                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     188211774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        18272                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       27462989                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22863754                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2495002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10562806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10059239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2951796                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       115846                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239000592                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            150700827                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          27462989                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13011035                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            31404990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6933516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     21986449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        14839177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2384488                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    296813243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      265408253     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1927436      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2426175      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3867547      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1616412      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        2082133      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2433404      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1114153      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       15937730      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    296813243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086656                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475518                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      237599503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     23528606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        31253938                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        16175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4415016                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      4182003                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          820                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    184160960                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3961                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4415016                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      237842039                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        771818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     22079892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        31027835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       676633                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    183025975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        97314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       472187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    255599848                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    851094983                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    851094983                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    214065665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       41534150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        44441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2374686                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     17115641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      8974099                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106262                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      2088193                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        178714654                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44601                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       171538060                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171045                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21532670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43683289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1829                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296813243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224110082     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33135726     11.16%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13615925      4.59%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7591861      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10265121      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3171248      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3115675      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1676713      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130892      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296813243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1182303     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158047     10.59%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152265     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144493857     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2348948      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21207      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15728688      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8945360      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    171538060                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541267                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1492616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641553020                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200292855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167084822                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    173030676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3186975                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          936                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129214                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4415016                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        585774                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73827                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178759259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17115641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8974099                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64323                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           88                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          936                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1479435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1398999                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2878434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168558281                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15475497                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2979775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           24419956                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       23833911                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          8944459                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531865                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            167085417                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           167084822                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers       100102584                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       268785555                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527215                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372425                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124564396                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    153488799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25271193                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42772                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2516181                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292398227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227451682     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32906126     11.25%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11945003      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5963501      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5443115      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2292083      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2262814      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1078819      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3055084      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292398227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    124564396                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    153488799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             22773549                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            13928664                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             21338                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         22242016                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       138190115                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      3167052                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3055084                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          468102277                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         361935065                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3618312                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              20106223                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         124564396                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           153488799                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    124564396                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.544222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.544222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393047                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393047                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      758499869                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     233425950                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     170397189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        42736                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              316919462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       27499093                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22893388                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2498426                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10594689                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10074543                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2956261                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116500                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239331550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            150902403                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          27499093                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13030804                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            31447915                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6940868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     21589014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        14859760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2387535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    296795088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      265347173     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1930241      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2430393      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3871326      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1618510      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2087558      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2438439      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1115772      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       15955676      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    296795088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      237930591                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     23133003                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        31296224                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        16362                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4418903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      4187918                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          820                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    184400806                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3964                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4418903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      238173929                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        776206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     21678039                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        31069493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       678508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    183262872                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        97677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       473341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    255933562                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    852201095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    852201095                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    214361114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       41572448                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        44506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23268                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2381477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     17133904                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8985851                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106820                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      2093358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        178945894                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44665                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       171770965                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       169117                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21543776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43677357                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1833                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296795088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    223991507     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33183407     11.18%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13634971      4.59%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7600060      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10280803      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3174156      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3119002      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1680024      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131158      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296795088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1182599     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158041     10.58%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152457     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144692197     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2352498      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21237      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15747662      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8957371      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    171770965                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.542002                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493098                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008692                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641999233                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200535271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167312354                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    173264063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129708                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3186045                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          939                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       128765                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4418903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        589404                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178990562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17133904                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8985851                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23269                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64362                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          939                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1482107                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1400118                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2882225                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168785550                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15494428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2985415                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           24451129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       23866555                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8956701                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532582                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            167312782                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           167312354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers       100240548                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       269144904                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527933                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372441                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124736340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    153700676                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25290601                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42832                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2519640                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292376185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227340027     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32952068     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11960470      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5972541      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5450949      1.86%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2294616      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2265408      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080127      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3059979      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292376185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    124736340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    153700676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             22804945                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            13947859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             21368                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         22272726                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       138380902                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      3171440                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3059979                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          468306625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         362401491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3623182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              20124374                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         124736340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           153700676                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    124736340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.540715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.540715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393590                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393590                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      759525198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     233742859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     170625619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        42796                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       24482479                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20031715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2394603                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10355498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9664176                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2531647                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109284                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    235966088                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            136823008                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          24482479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12195823                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            28584437                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6504593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     12934026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        14433957                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2395791                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    281563456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      252979019     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1339280      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2120644      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2868502      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2951525      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2496477      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1406293      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        2074966      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13326750      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    281563456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431728                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      233535365                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     15385660                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        28531097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        32839                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4078494                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      4030045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    167918886                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2028                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4078494                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      234178252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2170668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     11729162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27928277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1478600                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    167852766                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       221133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       633627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    234203043                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    780864568                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    780864568                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    203367669                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30835374                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        41982                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21992                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         4358951                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15728206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8518483                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      2007989                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        167644247                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42131                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       159333837                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21876                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18329537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43709415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1818                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281563456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214122660     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27740887      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14054804      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10588565      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8323433      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3373191      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2107663      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1106042      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       146211      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281563456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30370     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97090     36.75%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136731     51.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134007528     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2374574      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19988      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14440704      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8491043      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    159333837                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.502758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            264191                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    600517197                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186016564                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156952985                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    159598028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       323102                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2517155                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          148                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          651                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4078494                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1810777                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144899                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    167686542                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15728206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8518483                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21994                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121927                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          651                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1396907                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1339862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2736769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157144200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13590262                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2189637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22080973                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       22338225                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8490711                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.495849                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            156953230                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           156952985                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        90095112                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       242756804                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.495246                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371133                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118551000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    145874967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21811598                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2424884                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277484962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217646254     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29652887     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11210208      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5342194      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4500912      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2583908      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2258247      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1020404      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3269948      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277484962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    118551000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    145874967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21615196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            13211051                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             20112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         21035707                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       131431166                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      3003835                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3269948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          441900773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         339451688                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3574843                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              35356010                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         118551000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           145874967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    118551000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.673275                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.673275                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374073                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374073                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      707294273                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     218633004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     155659544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        40278                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22238517                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18183647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2173873                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9391076                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8798115                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2289922                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96842                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216121611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            126097749                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22238517                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11088037                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26436899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6288464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      9923288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13286164                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2188354                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    256548291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      230111392     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1429684      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2263143      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3596743      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1506634      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1691829      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1776654      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1170083      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13002129      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    256548291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070171                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.397886                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      214092674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     11968332                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26355181                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        66106                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4065996                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3648702                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          476                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    154003333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3152                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4065996                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      214401012                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2462061                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      8553696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        26118493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       947031                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    153909242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        43764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       262716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       342870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        77938                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    213656401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    715938018                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    715938018                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    182707254                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       30949147                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        39734                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22068                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2763627                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14681234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7893174                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238444                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1790785                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        153713484                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39852                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       145654424                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183369                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19194046                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42532468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4232                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256548291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195073860     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24708768      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13498341      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9186658      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8582876      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2479100      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1915442      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       656624      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446622      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256548291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33807     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102040     38.25%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       130912     49.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122020112     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2298585      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17662      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13465655      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7852410      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    145654424                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459594                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    548307267                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    172948991                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143333233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    145921183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       441198                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2623722                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          391                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1641                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       228700                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9034                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4065996                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1509937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153753500                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14681234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7893174                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22060                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1641                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1274295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1235461                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2509756                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143596578                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12669840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2057846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20520365                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       20219220                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7850525                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.453101                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            143334107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           143333233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        83803292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       218860718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.452270                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107317964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    131542622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22211539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35620                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2220428                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252482295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199084609     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25858284     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10065326      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5426700      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4065210      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2267101      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1396106      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1251067      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3067892      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252482295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    107317964                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    131542622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19721986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12057512                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18882187                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       118529485                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2671944                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3067892                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          403167849                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         311574565                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3500031                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              60371175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         107317964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           131542622                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    107317964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.953089                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.953089                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      647572900                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     198680261                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     143657210                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35586                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       24541098                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20080692                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2391668                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10150932                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9662235                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2532162                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108848                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236119239                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            137246829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          24541098                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12194397                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            28646367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6534594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     12847658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        14444016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2393628                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    281725541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      253079174     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1337138      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2119830      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2868544      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2956680      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2502049      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1405320      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2076504      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13380302      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    281725541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077436                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      233684739                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     15303538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        28592575                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        33302                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4111386                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      4039562                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          390                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    168397764                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2030                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4111386                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      234329764                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2171384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     11642155                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27987957                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1482892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    168332930                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       221409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       635590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    234859851                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    783145210                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    783145210                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    203594260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       31265577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        41691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21675                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         4372901                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15750774                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8538008                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100137                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      2070086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        168120064                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       159617344                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18637258                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44684668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1480                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281725541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214155088     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27807580      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14073086      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10605914      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8338637      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3381397      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2109740      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1106915      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147184      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281725541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30066     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98187     36.94%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137550     51.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134242319     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2386562      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20010      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14457271      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8511182      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    159617344                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            265803                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601247847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186799812                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157241982                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    159883147                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324904                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2525018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          657                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124510                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4111386                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1810076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145252                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168162070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        67325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15750774                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8538008                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21681                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122234                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          657                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1389044                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1346657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2735701                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157434301                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13607214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2183043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 169                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           22118085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       22370790                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8510871                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496764                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            157242261                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           157241982                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        90263558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       243239111                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.496158                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371090                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118683120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    146037542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22124542                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2421984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277614155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217675455     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29719876     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11214995      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5352277      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4526193      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2585764      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2248163      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023181      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3268251      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277614155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    118683120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    146037542                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             21639254                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            13225756                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             20134                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         21059172                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       131577615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      3007180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3268251                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          442507182                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         340435622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3575280                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              35193925                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         118683120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           146037542                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    118683120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.670299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.670299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      708569619                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     219026201                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     156115975                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        40322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              316919462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       23265221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19079788                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2280579                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9605705                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9089987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2387849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102186                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222184903                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            132231772                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          23265221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     11477836                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            29093404                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6472498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     20718184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13689299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2266389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    276150027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      247056623     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3155947      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3656273      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2005342      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2304240      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1270144      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         865195      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2249648      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       13586615      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    276150027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073411                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.417241                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      220376810                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     22560138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        28852082                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       228634                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      4132359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3775471                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        21177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    161426597                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts       104608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      4132359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      220727316                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       7039806                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     14536919                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        28741175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       972448                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    161330465                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       249192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       450373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    224220008                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    751146211                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    751146211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    191537919                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       32682001                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        42301                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2601769                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     15398455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      8385944                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220651                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1853783                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        161077644                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       152258926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       210184                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20066612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46357167                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4738                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276150027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211989595     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25808153      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13866275      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9598468      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8390900      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4288749      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1039307      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669008      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       499572      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276150027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39487     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       139696     42.79%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147296     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127458246     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2381073      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18653      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14073529      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8327425      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    152258926                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.480434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            326479                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    581204542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181188049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149731370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    152585405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       383322                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2708259                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          927                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1438                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       176291                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3115                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      4132359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6500481                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       166492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161120137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73676                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15398455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8385944                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23575                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1438                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1322142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1278776                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2600918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150012940                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13218385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2245986                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           21544031                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       20993944                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          8325646                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473347                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            149733534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           149731370                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        88992657                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       233094294                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472459                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112475564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    137993660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23127716                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2293778                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272017668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215644207     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26141736      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10955153      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6585386      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4557689      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2944134      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1526458      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1227954      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2434951      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272017668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    112475564                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    137993660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20899835                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            12690189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             18770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         19750528                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       124405486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2807485                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2434951                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          430703339                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         326375257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3405139                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              40769435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         112475564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           137993660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    112475564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.817674                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.817674                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.354903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.354903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      676683431                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     207820546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     150646924                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        37588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              316919466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21835091                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19490451                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14464629                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14225602                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311687                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52319                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230553987                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            124068005                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21835091                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     15537289                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27649426                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5728467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      9394187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13954420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708672                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    271575629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      243926203     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        4207845      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2136919      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        4164190      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1335129      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3844944      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         609150      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         989848      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10361401      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    271575629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068898                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.391481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      228538089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     11463253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27594442                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        22240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3957601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      2066232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        20398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    138795054                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        38426                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3957601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      228769546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       7408114                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3316970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27362861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       760533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    138590698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       107837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       571902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    181658811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    628185883                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    628185883                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    147165776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       34493009                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        18606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9408                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1803018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     24979235                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      4070292                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26191                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       926954                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        137877753                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       129060322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25009031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51225532                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271575629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215035162     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17755579      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18953982      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10968910      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5682786      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1422042      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1684653      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39343      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33172      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271575629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215806     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88746     23.49%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73178     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101212443     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013968      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9198      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22788551     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4036162      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    129060322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.407234                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377730                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530157325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162905791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125776000                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    129438052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       103072                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5123133                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          343                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100919                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3957601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       6574756                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92578                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137896531                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24979235                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4070292                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9405                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46330                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2643                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          343                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172620                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673084                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1845704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127429550                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22467828                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 108                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           26503784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19360159                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          4035956                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.402088                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            125805042                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           125776000                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        76094977                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       165860497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.396871                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458789                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100089852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    112716816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25185319                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18549                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1729801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267618028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225626160     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16513274      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10576230      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3355383      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5535415      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082482      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686950      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627909      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3614225      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267618028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100089852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    112716816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             23825468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            19856095                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              9255                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17283422                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        98524189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1413348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3614225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          401905561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         279765005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               5149590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              45343837                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100089852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           112716816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100089852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.166350                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.166350                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315821                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315821                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      592276819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     163899132                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     147369579                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        18530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20855                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.831434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.984456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.778930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.576140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1675.710773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         340.765591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.818218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.166389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7626                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7626                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41560                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41561                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20821                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20855                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54626796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16758182421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16812809217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       770747                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       770747                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54626796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16758953168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16813579964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54626796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16758953168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16813579964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1606670.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 804907.897262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806215.077060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       770747                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       770747                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1606670.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 804906.256568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806213.376361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1606670.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 804906.256568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806213.376361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51640485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14929730689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14981371174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       682947                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       682947                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51640485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14930413636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14982054121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51640485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14930413636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14982054121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1518837.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 717086.008117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718393.170327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       682947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       682947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1518837.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 717084.368474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718391.470678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1518837.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 717084.368474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718391.470678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        21991                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.519983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         251478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        24039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        10.461250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.672609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.548411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1691.648747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         323.650217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.826000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.158032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 40901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22221                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               22221                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  41074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41073                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 41074                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               21973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                21976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21937                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               21976                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72464335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18871064994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18943529329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2857932                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2857932                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72464335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18873922926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    18946387261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72464335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18873922926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   18946387261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             62874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22221                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           22221                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              63050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             63050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017045                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.017045                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1858059.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 860356.751801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862127.580622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       952644                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       952644                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1858059.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 860369.372567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862139.937250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1858059.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 860369.372567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862139.937250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              11783                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   11783                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           21976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          21976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69039224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16944500100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17013539324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2594532                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2594532                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69039224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16947094632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17016133856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69039224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16947094632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17016133856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1770236.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 772522.116349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774292.965185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       864844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       864844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1770236.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 772534.741852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774305.326538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1770236.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 772534.741852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774305.326538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        20928                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.830069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         182881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        22976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.959654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.401958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.665217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1677.734730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         339.028165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.819206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.165541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 41512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7604                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                7604                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  41595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41594                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 41595                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               20928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                20928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20892                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               20928                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71754130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16610440142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16682194272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71754130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16610440142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    16682194272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71754130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16610440142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   16682194272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             62440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7604                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            7604                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              62523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             62523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1993170.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 795062.231572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797123.197248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1993170.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 795062.231572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 797123.197248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1993170.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 795062.231572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 797123.197248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2843                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2843                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           20928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          20928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68593330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14775704146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14844297476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68593330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14775704146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14844297476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68593330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14775704146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14844297476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.334347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1905370.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 707242.204959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709303.205084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1905370.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 707242.204959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709303.205084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1905370.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 707242.204959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709303.205084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        20889                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.831371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         182911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        22937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         7.974495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.772360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.424184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1679.588839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         337.045987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.820112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.164573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 41509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                7638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  41593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41592                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 41593                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               20888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                20889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20855                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               20889                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52230043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16785990581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16838220624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       513058                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       513058                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52230043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16786503639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    16838733682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52230043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16786503639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   16838733682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             62397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            7638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              62482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             62482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1536177.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804929.058262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806119.332823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       513058                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       513058                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1536177.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804915.063006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806105.303365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1536177.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804915.063006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806105.303365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           20889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          20889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49244476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14954472277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15003716753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       425258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       425258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49244476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14954897535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15004142011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49244476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14954897535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15004142011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1448366.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 717103.302820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718293.601733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       425258                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       425258                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1448366.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 717089.308799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718279.573508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1448366.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 717089.308799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718279.573508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        14107                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.455200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         212021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        16155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.124172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.076589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     4.843810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1551.689765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         463.845036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.757661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.226487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 34243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               10966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  34422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34420                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 34422                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               14100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                14100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14059                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               14100                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59301026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11433734145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11493035171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59301026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11433734145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    11493035171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59301026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11433734145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   11493035171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        48300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             48343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           10966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        48479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              48522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        48479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             48522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.291077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1446366.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813267.952557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815108.877376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1446366.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813267.952557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815108.877376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1446366.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813267.952557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815108.877376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           14099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          14099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55700371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10198804375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10254504746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55700371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10198804375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10254504746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55700371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10198804375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10254504746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.291056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1358545.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725480.464860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727321.423222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1358545.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725480.464860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727321.423222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1358545.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725480.464860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727321.423222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        40658                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.931870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         224873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        42706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.265607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.629029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     1.653202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1846.410615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         196.239024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.901568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.095820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 48779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               14960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  48812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48811                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 48812                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               40608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                40659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40618                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               40659                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67553592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  38790173257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38857726849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     85275629                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     85275629                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67553592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  38875448886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    38943002478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67553592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  38875448886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   38943002478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        89345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             89387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           14960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        89429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              89471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        89429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             89471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.454049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.454193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.454193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1647648.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 956200.193680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956898.316809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1672071.156863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1672071.156863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1647648.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 957099.041952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957795.383015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1647648.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 957099.041952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957795.383015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               6333                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    6333                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           40659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          40659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63953792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35227829762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35291783554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     80796543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80796543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63953792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35308626305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35372580097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63953792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35308626305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35372580097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.454049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.454193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.454193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1559848.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 868386.367294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869084.504383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1584245.941176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1584245.941176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1559848.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 869285.201265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869981.556285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1559848.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 869285.201265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869981.556285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        22093                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.529420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         251557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        24141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        10.420322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.724891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.529909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1685.070520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         330.204100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.822788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.161232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 40997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22202                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               22202                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  41171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41170                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 41171                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               22077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                22078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22040                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               22078                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71107825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19023654089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   19094761914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       693350                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       693350                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71107825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19024347439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    19095455264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71107825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19024347439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   19095455264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             63074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22202                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           22202                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              63249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             63249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1871258.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 863181.364354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864916.515559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       693350                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       693350                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1871258.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 863173.658757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 864908.744633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1871258.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 863173.658757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 864908.744633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              11805                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   11805                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          22077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           22078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          22078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67771425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17087935009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17155706434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       605550                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       605550                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67771425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17088540559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17156311984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67771425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17088540559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17156311984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1783458.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 775349.834793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777085.040268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       605550                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       605550                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1783458.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 775342.130626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777077.270767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1783458.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 775342.130626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777077.270767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        14102                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.460250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         211970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        16150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.125077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.074010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.050322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1551.989167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         463.346751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.757807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.226244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 34204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10954                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               10954                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  34383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34381                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 34383                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               14095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                14095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14051                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               14095                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91130048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11556879926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11648009974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91130048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11556879926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    11648009974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91130048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11556879926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   11648009974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        48253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             48299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10954                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           10954                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        48432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              48478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        48432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             48478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2071137.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 822495.190805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826393.045335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2071137.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 822495.190805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826393.045335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2071137.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 822495.190805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826393.045335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           14094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          14094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87265931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10321836326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10409102257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87265931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10321836326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10409102257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87265931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10321836326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10409102257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1983316.613636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 734650.272313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738548.478572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1983316.613636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 734650.272313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738548.478572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1983316.613636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 734650.272313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738548.478572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        40698                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.931066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         225131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        42743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.267085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.640266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.475311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1845.969615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         196.845874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.901352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.096116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 48976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          15022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               15022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        49012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  49013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        49012                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 49013                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               40648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                40698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40661                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               40698                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61654601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  38356734799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38418389400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86259732                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     86259732                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61654601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  38442994531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    38504649132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61654601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  38442994531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   38504649132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        89586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             89624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           15022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              87                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        89673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              89711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        89673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             89711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.574713                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.574713                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666340.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 944491.265889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945148.332021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1725194.640000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1725194.640000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666340.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 945451.280859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946106.666962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666340.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 945451.280859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946106.666962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               6347                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    6347                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           40698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          40698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58405002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34790471982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34848876984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81869173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81869173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58405002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34872341155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34930746157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58405002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34872341155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34930746157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.574713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1578513.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 856676.072542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857333.127928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1637383.460000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1637383.460000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1578513.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 857636.092447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858291.467812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1578513.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 857636.092447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858291.467812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        10230                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.139300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         233697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        12278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        19.033800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.457706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.106215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1416.876426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         584.698952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.691834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.285498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 33472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10423                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               10423                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  33730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33727                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 33730                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               10210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                10228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10185                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               10228                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    110560036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8453043508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8563603544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     18010135                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     18010135                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    110560036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8471053643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     8581613679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    110560036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8471053643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    8581613679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        43636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             43682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           10423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        43912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              43958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        43912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             43958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2571163.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831419.642766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838746.674241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1000563.055556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1000563.055556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2571163.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831718.570741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 839031.450821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2571163.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831718.570741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 839031.450821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5415                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5415                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           10228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          10228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106783400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7560072256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7666855656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16429735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16429735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106783400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7576501991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7683285391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106783400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7576501991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7683285391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2483334.883721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 743589.284548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750916.322821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 912763.055556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 912763.055556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2483334.883721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 743888.266176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751201.152816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2483334.883721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 743888.266176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751201.152816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        10240                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.142401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         233796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        12288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        19.026367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.639921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.910545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1417.619304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         583.972630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.692197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.285143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 33541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               10454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  33798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33795                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 33798                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               10219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                10237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10195                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               10237                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    119845691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8282427258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8402272949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17825199                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     17825199                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    119845691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8300252457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     8420098148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    119845691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8300252457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    8420098148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             43760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           10454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              44035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             44035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2853468.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813837.796797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822220.662394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 990288.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 990288.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2853468.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814149.333693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822516.181303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2853468.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814149.333693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822516.181303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5423                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           10237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          10237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    116158091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7388761909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7504920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16243806                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16243806                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    116158091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7405005715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7521163806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    116158091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7405005715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7521163806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2765668.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726025.538862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734408.454839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 902433.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902433.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2765668.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       726337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734703.898212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2765668.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       726337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734703.898212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        14075                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.453183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         211900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        16123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        13.142715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.069184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.932749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1552.386522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         463.064729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.758001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.226106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 34154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10934                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               10934                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  34335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34333                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 34335                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               14068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                14068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14026                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               14068                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77245308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11720166079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11797411387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77245308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11720166079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    11797411387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77245308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11720166079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   11797411387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        48178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             48222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10934                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           10934                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        48359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              48403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        48359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             48403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1839174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835602.885997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838599.046560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1839174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835602.885997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838599.046560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1839174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835602.885997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838599.046560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               6263                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    6263                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           14067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          14067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73555011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10487695664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10561250675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73555011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10487695664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10561250675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73555011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10487695664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10561250675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1751309.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 747785.787094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750782.019976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1751309.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 747785.787094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750782.019976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1751309.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 747785.787094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750782.019976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        34677                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.617070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         184971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        36725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.036651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.519578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.677406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1675.372509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         358.047577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.818053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.174828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 43714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9043                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                9043                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  43830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43829                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 43830                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               34640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                34670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34632                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               34670                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67632488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  32385587348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32453219836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25169289                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25169289                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67632488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  32410756637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    32478389125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67632488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  32410756637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   32478389125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             78354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9043                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            9043                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              78500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             78500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1779802.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935945.533437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936871.242379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 838976.300000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838976.300000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1779802.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935861.533755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936786.533747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1779802.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935861.533755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936786.533747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5247                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5247                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           34670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          34670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64295089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29346648274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29410943363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22534912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22534912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64295089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29369183186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29433478275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64295089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29369183186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29433478275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1691976.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848120.000983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849045.709094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 751163.733333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751163.733333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1691976.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848036.012532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848961.011682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1691976.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848036.012532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848961.011682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        14097                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.464395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         211957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        16145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.128337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.084117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.068050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1551.359757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         463.952470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.757500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.226539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 34195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               10950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 176                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  34371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34369                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 34371                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               14090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                14090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14046                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               14090                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91667523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11609900864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11701568387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91667523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11609900864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    11701568387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91667523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11609900864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   11701568387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        48239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             48285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           10950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        48415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              48461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        48415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             48461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2083352.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 826562.783995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830487.465366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2083352.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 826562.783995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830487.465366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2083352.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 826562.783995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830487.465366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               6271                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    6271                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           14089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          14089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87802683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10375176126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10462978809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87802683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10375176126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10462978809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87802683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10375176126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10462978809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1995515.522727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738709.585333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742634.595003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1995515.522727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738709.585333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742634.595003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1995515.522727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738709.585333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742634.595003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        21839                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.515067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         251531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        23887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        10.530037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.666126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.653675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1685.172314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         330.022952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.822838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.161144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 40915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               22257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  41089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41088                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 41089                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               21824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                21826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21788                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               21826                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51238344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18679352135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18730590479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1138832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1138832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51238344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18680490967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    18731729311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51238344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18680490967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   18731729311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             62739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           22257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              62915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             62915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.347464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1348377.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 857401.640274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858256.528547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       569416                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       569416                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1348377.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 857375.205021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 858230.060982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1348377.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 857375.205021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 858230.060982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks              11780                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                   11780                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           21826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          21826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47901036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16765973236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16813874272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       963232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       963232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47901036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16766936468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16814837504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47901036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16766936468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16814837504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.347464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1260553.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 769575.563940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770430.456012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       481616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       481616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1260553.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 769549.131081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770403.990837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1260553.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 769549.131081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770403.990837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        20933                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.837946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         182917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        22981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         7.959488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.789216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.533694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1678.182033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         338.333004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.819425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.165202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 41516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7637                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7637                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  41595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41594                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 41595                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               20932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                20933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               20933                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80937126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16712363245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16793300371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1072155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1072155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80937126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16713435400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    16794372526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80937126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16713435400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   16794372526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             62448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7637                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7637                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              62528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             62528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2312489.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 799749.401589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 802278.825291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1072155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1072155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2312489.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 799762.436597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 802291.717671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2312489.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 799762.436597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 802291.717671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2838                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2838                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           20933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          20933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77862589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14877251555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14955114144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       984355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       984355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77862589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14878235910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14956098499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77862589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14878235910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14956098499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2224645.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 711932.409197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714461.787885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       984355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       984355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2224645.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 711945.445019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714474.681078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2224645.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 711945.445019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714474.681078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.425831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013976105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1804227.944840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.408812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.017020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.053540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13943836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13943836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13943836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72138761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72138761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72138761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72138761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72138761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72138761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13943884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13943884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13943884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1502890.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1502890.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1502890.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1502890.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1502890.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1502890.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54982195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54982195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54982195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54982195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54982195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54982195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1570919.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570919.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1570919.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570919.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1570919.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570919.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243202517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3882.729329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   200.181785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    55.818215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.781960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.218040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20493064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20493064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24439923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24439923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       218773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97148139394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97148139394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37539969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37539969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97185679363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97185679363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97185679363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97185679363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20711837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20711837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24659060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24659060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444059.090445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444059.090445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103131.782967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103131.782967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443492.789273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443492.789273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443492.789273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443492.789273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19649296087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19649296087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6169898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6169898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19655465985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19655465985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19655465985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19655465985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315413.199464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315413.199464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73451.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73451.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315087.382136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315087.382136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315087.382136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315087.382136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              520.699275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1088337445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2084937.634100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.699275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13669618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13669618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13669618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13669618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13669618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13669618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89729959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89729959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89729959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89729959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89729959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89729959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13669670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13669670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13669670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13669670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13669670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13669670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1725576.134615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1725576.134615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1725576.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1725576.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1725576.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1725576.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72854031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72854031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72854031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72854031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72854031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72854031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1821350.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821350.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1821350.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821350.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1821350.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821350.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                63010                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              186189616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2942.964878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.250967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.749033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9642701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9642701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8154706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8154706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17797407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17797407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17797407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17797407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       215686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       220875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       220875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  91479176529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91479176529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3239437406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3239437406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  94718613935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94718613935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  94718613935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94718613935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9858387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9858387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8159895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8159895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18018282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18018282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18018282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18018282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 424131.267347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424131.267347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 624289.343997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 624289.343997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 428833.566203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428833.566203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 428833.566203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428833.566203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     40353507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            72                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 560465.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           22221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       152852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       157865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       157865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21743932119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21743932119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14058022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14058022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21757990141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21757990141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21757990141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21757990141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 346053.603447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346053.603447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 79875.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79875.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345310.111744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345310.111744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345310.111744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345310.111744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              560.806580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1013995587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1797864.515957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.701540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.105040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.057214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13963318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13963318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13963318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13963318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13963318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13963318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86865306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86865306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86865306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86865306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86865306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86865306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13963365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13963365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13963365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13963365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13963365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13963365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1848198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1848198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1848198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1848198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1848198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1848198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72133087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72133087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72133087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72133087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72133087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72133087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1949542.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1949542.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1949542.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1949542.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1949542.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1949542.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                62486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              243255095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                62742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3877.069507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.406498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.593502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.782838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.217162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20540494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20540494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3951987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3951987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9332                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9332                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9270                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9270                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     24492481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       24492481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     24492481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      24492481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       219075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       219439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       219439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       219439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       219439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  95950687419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95950687419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37179054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37179054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  95987866473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95987866473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  95987866473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95987866473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20759569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20759569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3952351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3952351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9332                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9332                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     24711920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24711920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     24711920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24711920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 437980.999288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437980.999288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102140.258242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102140.258242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 437423.914951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437423.914951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 437423.914951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437423.914951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       156672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       156953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       156953                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156953                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19504649285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19504649285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5423117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5423117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19510072402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19510072402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19510072402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19510072402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 312559.480874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312559.480874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65338.759036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65338.759036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 312231.098198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312231.098198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 312231.098198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312231.098198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              558.682591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1013977407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1804230.261566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.508090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.174501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.053699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13945138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13945138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13945138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13945138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13945138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13945138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65941219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65941219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65941219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65941219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65941219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65941219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13945185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13945185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13945185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13945185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13945185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13945185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1403004.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1403004.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1403004.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1403004.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1403004.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1403004.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52597495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52597495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52597495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52597495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52597495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52597495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1502785.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1502785.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1502785.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1502785.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1502785.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1502785.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                62447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              243207067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                62703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3878.715006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   199.880037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    56.119963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.780781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.219219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20497470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20497470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3947003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     24444473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       24444473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     24444473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      24444473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       219012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       219392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       219392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       219392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       219392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  96963087424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96963087424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36793990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36793990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  96999881414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96999881414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  96999881414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96999881414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20716482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20716482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3947383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     24663865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24663865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     24663865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24663865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 442729.564700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442729.564700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96826.289474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96826.289474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 442130.439642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442130.439642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 442130.439642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442130.439642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       156650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       156945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       156945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  19679930629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19679930629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5976115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5976115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  19685906744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19685906744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  19685906744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19685906744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 315575.681168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315575.681168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 70307.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70307.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 315241.832978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315241.832978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 315241.832978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315241.832978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.893688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1087599467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2099612.870656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.893688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.067137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14463930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14463930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14463930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       14463930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14463930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      14463930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69364948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69364948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69364948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69364948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69364948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69364948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14463986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14463986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14463986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     14463986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14463986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     14463986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1238659.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1238659.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1238659.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1238659.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1238659.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1238659.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59782345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59782345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59782345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59782345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59782345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59782345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1390287.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1390287.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1390287.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1390287.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1390287.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1390287.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                48479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              180576739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                48735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3705.278322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.556818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.443182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9961295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9961295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8383019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8383019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        21373                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21373                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     18344314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       18344314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     18344314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      18344314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       155216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       156270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       156270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       156270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       156270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  51754912600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51754912600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     88749975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88749975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  51843662575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51843662575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  51843662575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51843662575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     10116511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10116511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8384073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8384073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        21373                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21373                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18500584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18500584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18500584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18500584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333437.999948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333437.999948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84203.012334                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84203.012334                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 331756.975587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331756.975587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 331756.975587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331756.975587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           10966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       106916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       107791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       107791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        48300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        48479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        48479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13783752069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13783752069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11561421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11561421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13795313490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13795313490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13795313490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13795313490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 285377.889627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285377.889627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64588.944134                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64588.944134                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 284562.666103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284562.666103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 284562.666103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284562.666103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              578.310545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1120554926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1915478.505983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    39.998085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   538.312459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.064099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.862680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13027608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13027608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13027608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13027608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13027608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13027608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87298860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87298860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87298860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87298860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87298860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87298860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13027668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13027668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13027668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13027668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13027668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13027668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1454981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1454981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1454981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1454981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1454981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1454981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67994143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67994143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67994143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67994143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67994143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67994143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1618908.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1618908.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1618908.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1618908.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1618908.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1618908.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                89428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              487989863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                89684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5441.214297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.913341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.086659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     34097708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34097708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18668522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18668522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9121                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9121                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     52766230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       52766230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     52766230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      52766230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       326979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       327346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       327346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       327346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       327346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160335744239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160335744239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    344403869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    344403869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160680148108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160680148108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160680148108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160680148108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     34424687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34424687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18668889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18668889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9121                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9121                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     53093576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53093576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     53093576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53093576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 490354.867557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490354.867557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 938430.160763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938430.160763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 490857.221741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490857.221741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 490857.221741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490857.221741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       250745                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       250745                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           14960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       237634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       237917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       237917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        89345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        89429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        89429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42459092168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42459092168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87972678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87972678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42547064846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42547064846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42547064846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42547064846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 475226.282030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475226.282030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1047293.785714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047293.785714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 475763.620817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475763.620817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 475763.620817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475763.620817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.122751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1088335839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2088936.351248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.122751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13668012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13668012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13668012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13668012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13668012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13668012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98307362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98307362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98307362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98307362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98307362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98307362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13668065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13668065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13668065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13668065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13668065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13668065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1854855.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1854855.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1854855.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1854855.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1854855.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1854855.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71497769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71497769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71497769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71497769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71497769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71497769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1833276.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833276.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1833276.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833276.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1833276.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833276.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                63210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              186187582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2933.658683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.247216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.752784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9641459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9641459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8154169                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8154169                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17795628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17795628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17795628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17795628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       215232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       220460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       220460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  91181072032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91181072032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3311062079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3311062079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  94492134111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94492134111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  94492134111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94492134111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9856691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9856691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8159397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8159397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18016088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18016088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18016088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18016088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 423640.871395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423640.871395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 633332.455815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 633332.455815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 428613.508623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428613.508623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 428613.508623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428613.508623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     35750289                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            72                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 496531.791667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           22202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21903964228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21903964228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11941504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11941504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21915905732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21915905732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21915905732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21915905732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 347488.922472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347488.922472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68237.165714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68237.165714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346715.800221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346715.800221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346715.800221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346715.800221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.863374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1087587994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2087500.948177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    44.863374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.071896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14452457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14452457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14452457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       14452457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14452457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      14452457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101531743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101531743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101531743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101531743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101531743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101531743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14452514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14452514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14452514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     14452514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14452514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     14452514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1781258.649123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1781258.649123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1781258.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1781258.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1781258.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1781258.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1087206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       543603                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91649164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91649164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91649164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91649164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91649164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91649164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1992373.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992373.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1992373.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992373.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1992373.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992373.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                48432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              180556379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                48688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3708.436966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.552082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.447918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9948467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9948467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8375131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8375131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18323598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       18323598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18323598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      18323598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       155103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1051                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1051                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       156154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       156154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       156154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       156154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  52331884251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52331884251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     88473103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88473103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  52420357354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52420357354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  52420357354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52420357354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10103570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10103570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8376182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8376182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        21746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18479752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18479752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18479752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18479752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337400.851376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337400.851376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84179.926736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84179.926736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335696.539019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335696.539019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335696.539019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335696.539019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           10954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       106850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        48253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        48432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        48432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13904299251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13904299251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11537098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11537098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13915836349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13915836349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13915836349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13915836349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 288154.088886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288154.088886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64453.061453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64453.061453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287327.311468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287327.311468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287327.311468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287327.311468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              577.322264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1120578711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1928706.903614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.295957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.026307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.058167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13051393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13051393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13051393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13051393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13051393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13051393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87035009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87035009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87035009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87035009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87035009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87035009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13051452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13051452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13051452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13051452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13051452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13051452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1475169.644068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1475169.644068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1475169.644068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1475169.644068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1475169.644068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1475169.644068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62027245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62027245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62027245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62027245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62027245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62027245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1632295.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632295.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1632295.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632295.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1632295.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632295.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                89672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              488129251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                89928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5428.000745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.913835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.086165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     34182071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34182071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18723482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18723482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     52905553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       52905553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     52905553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      52905553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       328201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       328566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       328566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       328566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       328566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 159123649484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159123649484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    336842540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    336842540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 159460492024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159460492024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 159460492024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159460492024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     34510272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34510272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18723847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18723847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     53234119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53234119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     53234119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53234119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 484835.967849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 484835.967849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922856.273973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922856.273973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 485322.559315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485322.559315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 485322.559315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485322.559315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       627835                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       627835                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           15022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       238615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       238615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       238893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       238893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        89586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        89673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        89673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42038425408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42038425408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     89185945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89185945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42127611353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42127611353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42127611353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42127611353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 469252.175652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469252.175652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1025125.804598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1025125.804598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 469791.479632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469791.479632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 469791.479632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469791.479632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              496.711659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1090963130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2177571.117764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    41.711659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.066846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     14839116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14839116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     14839116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       14839116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     14839116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      14839116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    166768495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166768495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    166768495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166768495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    166768495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166768495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     14839175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14839175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     14839175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     14839175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     14839175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     14839175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2826584.661017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2826584.661017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2826584.661017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2826584.661017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2826584.661017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2826584.661017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3370227                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 842556.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111110537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111110537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111110537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111110537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111110537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111110537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2415446.456522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2415446.456522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2415446.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2415446.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2415446.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2415446.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                43912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              179047284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                44168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4053.778392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.551639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.448361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     11853022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11853022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8798677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8798677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        21368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20651699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       20651699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20651699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      20651699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       112880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       112880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       115649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       115649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       115649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       115649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25802280388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25802280388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    320412318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    320412318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26122692706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26122692706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26122692706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26122692706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     11965902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11965902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8801446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8801446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        22900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        21368                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21368                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20767348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20767348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20767348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20767348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 228581.505918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228581.505918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115714.091008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115714.091008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 225879.105794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225879.105794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 225879.105794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225879.105794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       663443                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 110573.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           10423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        69244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        71737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        71737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        43636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        43912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        43912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10714553114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10714553114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     37055077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37055077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10751608191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10751608191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10751608191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10751608191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245543.888395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245543.888395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 134257.525362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134257.525362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244844.420455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244844.420455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244844.420455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244844.420455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              496.334724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1090983714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2181967.428000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    41.334724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.066242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14859700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14859700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14859700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       14859700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14859700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      14859700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    181989426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    181989426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    181989426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    181989426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    181989426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    181989426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14859758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14859758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14859758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     14859758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14859758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     14859758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3137748.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3137748.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3137748.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3137748.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3137748.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3137748.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4687968                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 937593.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    120389363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120389363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    120389363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120389363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    120389363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120389363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2675319.177778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2675319.177778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2675319.177778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2675319.177778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2675319.177778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2675319.177778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                43990                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              179073173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                44246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4047.217217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.550681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.449319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     11866689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11866689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8810837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8810837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20677526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20677526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20677526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20677526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       113146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       115897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       115897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       115897                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       115897                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25385671887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25385671887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    326627734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    326627734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25712299621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25712299621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25712299621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25712299621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     11979835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11979835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8813588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8813588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        22932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21398                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20793423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20793423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20793423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20793423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 224362.079853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224362.079853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118730.546710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118730.546710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 221854.747069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221854.747069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 221854.747069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221854.747069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       648410                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       129682                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           10454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        69431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10548486305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10548486305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36784600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36784600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10585270905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10585270905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10585270905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10585270905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 241301.299440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241301.299440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 133762.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133762.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240629.027165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240629.027165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240629.027165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240629.027165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.718639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1087569432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2095509.502890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    42.718639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.068459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14433895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14433895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14433895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       14433895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14433895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      14433895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90439690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90439690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90439690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90439690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90439690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90439690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14433957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14433957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14433957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     14433957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14433957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     14433957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1458704.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1458704.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1458704.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1458704.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1458704.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1458704.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77745776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77745776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77745776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77745776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77745776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77745776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1766949.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766949.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1766949.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766949.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1766949.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766949.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                48359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              180535914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                48615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3713.584573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.555575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.444425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9938653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9938653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8364413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8364413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20139                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20139                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18303066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       18303066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18303066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      18303066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       154699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       154699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       155771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       155771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       155771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       155771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  52638344653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52638344653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90599140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90599140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  52728943793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52728943793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  52728943793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52728943793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10093352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10093352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8365485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8365485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        21840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20139                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20139                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18458837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18458837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18458837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18458837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340262.992346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340262.992346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84514.123134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84514.123134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 338502.954934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338502.954934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 338502.954934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338502.954934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           10934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       106521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       107412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       107412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        48178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        48359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        48359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14064022148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14064022148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11683511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11683511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14075705659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14075705659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14075705659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14075705659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291917.932417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291917.932417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64549.784530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64549.784530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291066.929817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291066.929817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291066.929817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291066.929817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              527.848034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1092472582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2065165.561437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.848034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13286105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13286105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13286105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13286105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13286105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13286105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     94292603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94292603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     94292603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94292603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     94292603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94292603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13286164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13286164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13286164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13286164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13286164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13286164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1598179.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1598179.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1598179.711864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1598179.711864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1598179.711864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1598179.711864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68044010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68044010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68044010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68044010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68044010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68044010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1744718.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1744718.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1744718.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1744718.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1744718.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1744718.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                78461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              193994103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                78717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2464.449903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.343186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.656814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9207290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9207290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7627489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7627489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16834779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       16834779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16834779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      16834779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       204925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1034                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1034                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       205959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       205959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  90381616716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90381616716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    355800913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    355800913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  90737417629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90737417629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  90737417629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90737417629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9412215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9412215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7628523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7628523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        21865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17040738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17040738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17040738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17040738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441047.293966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441047.293966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 344101.463250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 344101.463250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440560.585500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440560.585500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440560.585500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440560.585500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       126610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  35543722268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35543722268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32906318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32906318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  35576628586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35576628586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  35576628586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35576628586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453855.867560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453855.867560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225385.739726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225385.739726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453430.731013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453430.731013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453430.731013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453430.731013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.812018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1087579497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2087484.639155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    44.812018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.071814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14443960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14443960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14443960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       14443960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14443960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      14443960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98584724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98584724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98584724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98584724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98584724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98584724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14444015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14444015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14444015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     14444015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14444015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     14444015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1792449.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1792449.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1792449.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1792449.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1792449.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1792449.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       504284                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       252142                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92187072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92187072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92187072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92187072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92187072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92187072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2004066.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004066.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2004066.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004066.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2004066.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004066.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                48415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180556716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                48671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3709.739188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.546947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.453053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9950393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9950393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8373768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8373768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        21525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18324161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       18324161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18324161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      18324161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       154885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       154885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       155914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       155914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       155914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       155914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  52207501048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52207501048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86591898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86591898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  52294092946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52294092946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  52294092946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52294092946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10105278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10105278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8374797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8374797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        21525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        20161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18480075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18480075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18480075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18480075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337072.673584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337072.673584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84151.504373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84151.504373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335403.446426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335403.446426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335403.446426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335403.446426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           10950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       106646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107499                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107499                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        48239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        48415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        48415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13956731770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13956731770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11359760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11359760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13968091530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13968091530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13968091530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13968091530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 289324.649557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289324.649557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64544.090909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64544.090909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288507.518951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288507.518951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288507.518951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288507.518951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.919780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1088357074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2088977.109405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.919780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13689247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13689247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13689247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13689247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13689247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13689247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68327926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68327926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68327926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68327926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68327926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68327926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13689299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13689299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13689299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13689299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13689299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13689299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1313998.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1313998.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1313998.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1313998.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1313998.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1313998.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51637704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51637704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51637704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51637704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     51637704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51637704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1324043.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1324043.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1324043.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1324043.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1324043.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1324043.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                62875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              186202875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                63131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2949.468169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.252063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.747937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9646508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9646508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8164310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8164310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20005                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20005                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17810818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       17810818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17810818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      17810818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       214744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5205                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5205                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       219949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       219949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  90524512735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90524512735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3196452070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3196452070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  93720964805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93720964805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  93720964805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93720964805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9861252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9861252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8169515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8169515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18030767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18030767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18030767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18030767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 421546.179334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421546.179334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 614111.829011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 614111.829011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 426103.163938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426103.163938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 426103.163938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426103.163938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     36169320                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets            72                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 502351.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           22257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       152044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21551619284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21551619284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12414759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12414759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21564034043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21564034043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21564034043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21564034043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343725.985391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343725.985391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70538.403409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70538.403409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 342961.289570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342961.289570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 342961.289570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342961.289570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              561.016546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1013986642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1801041.992895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.999551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.016995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.899065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13954373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13954373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13954373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13954373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13954373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13954373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112246907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112246907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112246907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112246907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    112246907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112246907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13954420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13954420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13954420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13954420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13954420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13954420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2388232.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2388232.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2388232.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2388232.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2388232.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2388232.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81310966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81310966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81310966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81310966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81310966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81310966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2258637.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2258637.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2258637.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2258637.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2258637.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2258637.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                62492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              243225153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                62748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3876.221601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   200.088706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    55.911294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.781597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.218403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20512255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20512255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3950304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3950304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     24462559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       24462559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     24462559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      24462559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       219220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       219552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       219552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       219552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       219552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  96540776995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96540776995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37366835                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37366835                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  96578143830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96578143830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  96578143830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96578143830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20731475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20731475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3950636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3950636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     24682111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24682111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     24682111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24682111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440383.071777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440383.071777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112550.707831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112550.707831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 439887.333434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439887.333434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 439887.333434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439887.333434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       156808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       157060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       157060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19607375690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19607375690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6196088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6196088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19613571778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19613571778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19613571778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19613571778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 314160.348811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314160.348811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77451.100000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77451.100000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 313857.322185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313857.322185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 313857.322185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313857.322185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
